<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Bharti Airtel; target of Rs 1782 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bharti Airtel Bharti Airtel reported an EBITDA of Rs218bn (+10.9%QoQ; PLe: Rs217.1bn, BBGe: Rs217.6bn). Adj PAT came in at Rs44.5bn (up 29.8% QoQ; PLe: Rs38.8bn, BBGe: Rs43.9bn). India mobile revenues were up 10.3%QoQ with a stable EBITDA margin of 57.1%. ARPU improved QoQ to Rs233 with a net subscriber loss of 2.9mn in Q2. Enterprise revenue grew 3.3%QoQ, with 1.8% growth in EBITDA. Home services (fixed line + broadband) had an ARPU decline of ~1%. Similarly, DTH ARPU too fell 0.8% QoQ. Africa mobile Revenue grew 5.5% QoQ. Outlook We remain optimistic on the India business and continue to maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with a TP of Rs1,782 based on 15x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA for India mobile business, Enterprise segment at 7x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA, 3x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA for DTH, 3x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA for Home Services, and adding the value of its investments in Airtel Africa, Indus Towers and Bharti Hexacom. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Cipla; target of Rs 1615 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Cipla CIPLA’s Q2FY25 EBITDA (Rs19bn; 26.7% OPM) was broadly in line with our estimates. Overall India and US sales growth were muted in Q2 due to seasonality and supply issues in Lanreotide respectively. While India should recover from Q3, US sales will see dip in Q3 with likely recovery from Q4. Despite delay in some key launches like gAdvair and gAbraxane, ramp-up in gRevlimid, market share increase in gAlbuterol and new launches like Lanreotide supported US sales. We continue to remain positive on key segments growth including India &amp;amp; US given 1) strong traction in respiratory &amp;amp; other portfolios, 2) potential 9-10% growth in domestic formulations and 3) sustainability of current US revs. Our FY26E/27E EPS stands reduced by 3-4%. Outlook At CMP, stock is trading 23x FY26E EPS. We maintain our ‘Accumulate’ with revised TP of Rs1,615/share. Timely critical launches of 3-4 products in US in FY26/27 will be key, as it will help to compensate decline in key products like gRevlimid and Lanreotide. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Marico; target of Rs 693 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Marico MRCO reported inline nos led by stable volume growth, positive pricing growth &amp;amp; favorable portfolio mix. We have cut our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 2.4%/2.2%/2.8% given 1) Peaked out margin with no major expansion expected in near term and 2) Persistent sluggishness in Saffola/VAHO (32% of domestic sales) before recent price hikes. Innovation funnel remains strong with portfolio diversification and scale up in Foods, D2C portfolio &amp;amp; B2C acquisitions. Beardo is likely to end FY25 with double-digit EBITDA margins, MRCO plans to adopt the same strategy for scaling Digital-first franchises and targets double-digit margins by FY27. We factor in 11.2% sales growth &amp;amp; 9.8% PAT CAGR over FY25-27. Outlook We value MRCO at 46x FY27 EPS and assign a target price of Rs693 (Rs681 earlier). MRCO seems better placed than peers in current environment, Upgrade to Accumulate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Greenpanel Industries; target of Rs 450 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Greenpanel Industries We downward revise our FY25 earnings estimates by 6.9% to account for weak performance in Q2FY25 and rising domestic competition, impacting MDF realization. GREENP has guided for domestic MDF volume growth of 15-18% (YoY) in H2FY25. However, we have considered MDF volume growth at 16% for H2FY25. MDF domestic realization decreased 4.4% YoY in Q2FY25 due to competitive pricing. MDF exports were also impacted by lower availability of containers and increased freight cost. We believe consolidated low EBITDA margin will continue in FY25 at 13.0% with 1) steep increase in timber prices, 2) higher OEM vol in the MDF segment, 3) lower domestic volumes, and 4) lower realization with competition in MDF. Timber prices will continue to impact margins in coming quarters. The management has indicated moderation in timber prices only with new crop arrival from FY26. Outlook We estimate revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 15.9%/21.3%/23.8% over FY24-27E with MDF volume CAGR of 15.2%. We maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with a TP to Rs450, based on 20x FY27E earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Picks 2024 | Angel One, Fiem Industries, Arvind Fashions among YES Securities' top bets [/INST] The full article is as follows: Fiem Industries: YES Securities believes Fiem is set to capitalize on strong industry tailwinds, with India’s two-wheeler market projected to grow at a CAGR of 8-9 percent over the next five years, driven by rising urbanization and increasing disposable incomes. On that account, the firm assigned the stock a price target of Rs 1,980. &quot;Fiem’s long-standing relationships with major clients, including TVS Motors, Yamaha, and Suzuki, alongside newer partnerships with leading EV players like Ola Electric and Hero Electric, underline its industry strength,&quot; YES Securities said. Angel One: The stock emerged in the list of top bets chosen by YES Securities on the back of strong industry tailwinds. Recent trends indicate a shift with young investors increasingly willing to take on some risk by investing in the stock market and diversifying their portfolios beyond traditional assets. On this backdrop, a record 36.9 million demat accounts were opened in FY24 &amp;amp; this number for 1HFY25 already stands at 24.1 million indicating the upsurge for full year. Despite facing a near-term challenging market environment marked by regulatory changes such as SEBI’s “True to Label” norms, Angel One’s management remains optimistic about sustaining growth. The company plans to implement several measures, including levying a brokerage fee of Rs 20 per order or 0.1 percent of the order value (with a minimum brokerage of Rs 2 for delivery trades. Additionally, it will charge an interest rate of 12.5 percent per annum on cash-collateral margin shortfalls exceeding Rs 50,000. Factoring these in, YES Securities assigned a price target of Rs 3,755 for the stock. Karur Vyas Bank: YES Securities likes that the lender is strategically focused on de-risking and high-quality lending, away from corporate and consortium lending, which has astutely minimized exposure to high-stress sectors, aligning with its traditional emphasis on retail &amp;amp; MSME. Given its growing loan book, improved growth trajectory, and a more resilient balance sheet, YES Securities sees Karur Vyas Bank as a compelling investment proposition, all set to achieve sustained profitability and market share gains across India’s evolving banking landscape. Accordingly, the firm gave a target price of Rs 270 for this stock. Arvind Fashions: India's apparel and accessories market was valued at approximately Rs 5,512 billion in FY’23 and is expected to increase its retail share from 7.2 percent to 9.4 percent by 2027. The sector is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20.8 percent, positioning it as the fastest-growing segment in retail. In this backdrop, Arvind Fashions has streamlined its portfolio to concentrate on five key brands: Arrow, U.S. Polo Assn., Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, and Flying Machine, following the divestment of Sephora. &quot;With rising disposable incomes in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, the company is poised to capitalize on the growing demand for premium products. The company is focusing on premiumization through its established brands while revitalizing others, such as Arrow and Flying Machine, with refreshed product portfolios. This strategy aims to enhance brand visibility, align with consumer preferences for quality and modernity, and strengthen AFL's competitive edge in the expanding premium market,&quot; YES Securities said. It assigned a price target of Rs 705 for the stock.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce NOCIL; target of Rs 256 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on NOCIL NOCIL reported a topline of Rs3.6bn (PLe: Rs3.9bn), reflecting a sequential decline of 2.5%. This decrease is attributed to a modest drop in volumes due to logistics challenges, though realization remained largely flat on a QoQ basis. Based on our calculations, average realization stood at Rs254/kg, a YoY decline of 6%. Sales volume grew by 11% YoY; however, EBITDA/kg dropped by 25% YoY, impacted by higher operating expenses due to increase in production activity and freight cost. Overall capacity utilization was at 70%, though usage varies significantly across product lines. To support high-demand rubber chemical products that are already running at high utilization rates, the company is investing Rs2.5bn in capacity expansion. These additional capacities are expected to come online in H2FY27, though peak utilization across the portfolio is not anticipated for another 1.5 to 2 years. Near-term headwinds are likely to continue impacting performance. Outlook The stock is currently trading at ~32x FY26E EPS. We maintain ‘Reduce’ rating with a TP of Rs256, valuing the company at 27x FY26/FY27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Gujarat Fluorochemicals; target of Rs 3770 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Gujarat Fluorochemicals Gujarat Fluorochemicals (FLUOROCH) reported consolidated revenue from operations of Rs11.8bn, reflecting 25.5% YoY and 1% QoQ increase. In the Fluoropolymers segment, volumes remained flat sequentially, realization improved due to a shift toward higher value grades. This segment's contribution is expected to grow as one of the industry’s established players is set to cease production by Dec’24. Refrigerants prices saw a slight uptick during the quarter, while specialty chemicals remained muted, with an expected improvement from Q4FY25. The bulk chemicals segment operated at full capacity, but recorded 6% sequential and annual decline, attributed to a drop in caustic soda prices, which have started to recover. Battery chemicals segment is expected to contribute to revenue from Q4FY25, with product validation currently in advanced stages. High-grade fluoropolymers and battery chemicals will drive growth going ahead, but currently the stock looks richly valued and is trading at 78x FY26 EPS. Outlook We maintain “REDUCE” rating on the stock, with target price of Rs3,770, valuing it at 65x FY26/FY27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Mid-day Mood | Nifty, Sensex firmly in red as pharma, bank stocks fall; VIX up 5% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Benchmark indices Nifty and Sensex continued to trade lower during the mid-day on October 30 as investors took profits off the table following a two-day rally on the bourses. Bank and Pharma stocks among others dampened the sentiment ahead of Diwali. At noon, the Sensex was down 133.56 points or 0.17 percent at 80,235.47, and the Nifty was down 28.00 points or 0.11 percent at 24,438.80. About 2,632 shares advanced, 666 shares declined, and 93 shares unchanged. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates As for the broader market, comprising mid and small caps, showcased a mixed performance. While the midcap index fell 0.2 percent, the smallcap index rallied almost one percent. The two have fallen up to 6 percent in the past month as a host of experts cautioned against expensive valuations. India VIX, a barometer to assess market anxiety, notched up by 3 percent to hover around the 15 levels. Gautam Adani's flagship firm Adani Enterprises was buzzing in trade, rising almost 5 percent to become the top gainer on the Nifty after the company's solid Q2 earnings. Its net profit ballooned nearly eightfold on-year to Rs 1,742 crore. The diversified conglomerate's second quarter revenue from operations rose 16 percent to Rs 22,608 crore. The jump in net profit came as the revenue growth outpaced expenditure. Also read: Baap of all multibaggers? Rs 1 lakh investment in this stock would have yielded Rs 670 crore in few months Sectoral Trend Nifty Bank, following a superb 2 percent rise in the previous session, witnessing profit booking and was trading almost a percent lower. Stocks like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, and SBI were dragging the index lower. Nifty Pharma and Healthcare led by Dr Reddy's, Cipla and Sun Pharma were the biggest contributors. Fundamental View &quot;In the near term the market will be influenced by two factors - one positive and the other negative. The positive is the sharp decline in FII selling to just Rs 548 crores yesterday. This is an indication that the FII tactical trade of ‘Sell India, Buy China’ is coming to an end. With more DII and retail money coming to the market and FII selling tapering off, the market may get a near-term boost, aided by the festive mood,&quot; says V K Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. &quot;But the uptrend is unlikely to sustain since the Q2 earnings numbers indicate softness in earnings for FY25. The consensus earnings estimates are likely to be revised down by most brokerages. With Nifty now trading at about 24 times FY25 estimated earnings, there is no valuation comfort in the market. This negative factor will cap the rally driven by domestic money,&quot; he added. Read more: What are the top stock picks for Samvat 2081? Technical View &quot;Expect volatility again on attempts to breach the 24450-540 region. The turn lower thereof may not be as deep as yesterday with 24300-150 region expected to hold. Meanwhile, a direct rise above 24540 could see some attempts to make quick upsides, but a vertical rise is less expected. The favoured view expects bears to regroup again at 24660 as well as 24770, but not necessarily leading to a collapse, but keeping both bulls and bears interested for a while,&quot; Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. Key Nifty Gainers Adani Enterprises, Bharat Electronics, Tata Consumer Products Key Nifty Losers Cipla, SBI, ICICI Bank Key Sensex Gainers Maruti Suzuki, Wipro, and IndusInd Bank Key Sensex Losers ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, and Sun Pharma Stock Moves Garden Reach Shipbuilders: Shares rose after the company secured an order worth Rs 491 crore to design an Acoustic Research Ship for the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). Honeywell Automation: The stock price dropped as much as 8 percent on October 30 after the company reported a decline in its Q2 net profit amid sluggish demand. The engineering firm reported a 5.6 percent decline in its September quarter net profit to Rs 115 crore ($13.7 million), down from Rs 122 crore in the same period last year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Kalpataru Projects International; target of Rs 1368 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Kalpataru Projects International We revise our FY25/FY26E EPS estimate by -12.3%/-15.9%, due to delayed collection in the Water business impacting revenue. Kalpataru Projects International (KPIL) reported healthy quarterly performance with standalone revenue growth of 7.6% YoY and EBITDA margin improvement of 39bps YoY to 8.4%. Strong execution of a robust order book across various segments contributed to revenue growth, although delayed collections negatively impacted the Water business. Net working capital (NWC) days increased to 118 vs 104 days in Q2FY24; however, moderating working capital intensity will help reduce NWC days. Demand outlook remains robust in T&amp;amp;D, B&amp;amp;F and Water sectors, while execution ramp-up will aid growth in the O&amp;amp;G segment. The company will remain selective in order booking in Railways. The management continues to guide for a PBT margin of 4%-4.5%, while aiming to reduce NWC days to below 100. We remain positive on KPIL in the long run owing to 1) strong order pipeline across segments, 2) focus on geographical expansion for segments such as Water, Railways, Civil etc. 3) increasing pre-qualification for large contracts and 4) operational &amp;amp; cost synergies arising from merger with JMC. Outlook The stock is trading at a P/E of 30.7x/19.8x on FY25/26E core-EPS. We roll forward to SepFY26E and maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with a revised SoTP-based TP of Rs1,368 (Rs1,413 earlier) valuing the core business at a PE of 18x on Sep-FY26E (18x on FY26E earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Prashant Jain uses cricket analogy to explain current market situation, says singles are preferred over boundaries [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prashant Jain, founder and chief investment officer (CIO) of 3P Investment Managers, used a cricket analogy to explain the current market situation: &quot;We are now batting on a pitch where the ball is turning and the bowler is maintaining a good line and length. In such conditions, defensive play and scoring singles and doubles is preferred over boundaries.&quot; Here’s his advice for navigating these conditions: Focus on Quality: Stick with strong, sustainable businesses and avoid weaker ones with temporary growth or shaky fundamentals. Prioritise Valuations: Be mindful of the price you pay. When companies miss growth expectations, even slightly, the market can react sharply. Manage Expectations: Adjust your return expectations to be more realistic in this market, where the scope for high returns is limited. In short, Jain says, &quot;Reset your return expectations and focus on quality and valuations. This is not the market to chase high returns.” He also notes, “If you overpay for a stock and growth slows, markets can heavily penalise these companies. We’re seeing this with consumer companies, which are high-quality, yet are being penalised due to slightly weaker growth.” In his recent newsletter, Prashant Jain noted that his fund's strong absolute performance was driven by robust market returns, while its relative outperformance came from exploiting undervalued areas in the market. However, he now cautions that market returns are likely to moderate, as there is a dearth of undervalued opportunities. Additionally, the recent rally in Chinese markets may prompt FIIs to shift some flows away from India, warranting a more cautious approach.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Garden Reach Shipbuilders sees 4% rise in shares after securing Rs 491 crore order [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers rose over 4 percent after the company secured an order worth Rs 491 crore to design an Acoustic Research Ship for the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). At 11:20 AM, Garden Reach shares traded 3 percent higher at Rs 1,596, marking an impressive 83 percent gain year-to-date, significantly outperforming the Nifty 50, which increased by 13 percent during the same period. This rise on October 30 marked the third consecutive session of gains for the company, though it has experienced negative monthly returns from August to October. On October 29, Graden Reach announced that it received a Letter of Intent from the Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory (NPOL), part of the Ministry of Defence in Kochi. This contract involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, commissioning, and supply of one Acoustic Research Ship (ARS). Follow our live blog for all the market action The project is expected to be completed within 36 months from the signing of the contract and does not involve any related party transactions. Garden Reach specialises in building warships for the Indian Navy and Coast Guard, producing a variety of vessels including frigates, corvettes, landing ship tanks, patrol vessels, and fleet tankers. The company also provides ship repair services for both defence and commercial sectors. Incorporated in 1934, Garden Reach became a public company in 2017 and operates under the administrative control of the Ministry of Defence.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Honeywell Automation shares tank 8% after fall in Q2 net profit [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Honeywell Automation dropped as much as 8 percent on October 30 after the company reported a decline in its Q2 net profit amid sluggish demand. At 11.19 am, shares of Honeywell Automation were trading at Rs 45,199.90 on the NSE. The weak earnings report also triggered a surge in trading volumes in the counter as around 28,000 shares changed hands so far, much higher than the one-month daily traded average of 4,000 shares. Including today's slump, the stock has deepened its losses to over 16 percent in the past three months. The engineering firm reported a 5.6 percent decline in its September quarter net profit to Rs 115 crore ($13.7 million), down from Rs 122 crore in the same period last year, primarily impacted by slowing demand. Honeywell Automation India specialises in providing building automation solutions to industrial clients, along with designing products aimed at emissions reduction and energy transition. A recent business survey indicated a slowing growth trend in India's manufacturing sector during August and September. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Analysts have noted that Indian exporters are facing increased shipping costs due to the ongoing Red Sea crisis. Accordingly, the company's revenue from operations also fell by 7.3 percent to Rs 1,024 crore. Although Honeywell Automation does not disclose detailed revenue distribution, the cost of materials consumed, which constitutes nearly half of its expenses, grew by 12.11 percent in the quarter. Despite that, the company managed to retain its EBITDA margin, which came at 12.6 percent in Q2, a slight uptick from 12.5 percent in the year ago quarter. Honeywell Automation India's parent company- Honeywell, also projected annual sales below Wall Street expectations and missed quarterly revenue estimates last week.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Maruti Suzuki; target of Rs 14,586 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Maruti Suzuki MSIL’s Q2FY25 standalone revenue increased by a mere 0.4% YoY, mainly driven by ASP expansion of 2.6% YoY as volume declined by 1.9% for the quarter. Prices of key commodities increased by and promotional expenses increased, leading to a contraction in its gross margin by 130bps YoY. As a consequence, the EBITDA margin contracted by 100bps YoY to 11.9%. Withdrawal of indexation benefits on long term gains saw a rise in taxes impacting profitability with PAT declining by 17.4% YoY. The sluggishness in the small car segment and slowdown in the industry shall impact wholesale growth for FY25, however, could be partially offset by healthy growth in UVs and export market. Given the grim outlook for FY25, we cut our volume/revenue/EPS estimates by ~-2-8% over FY24-FY27E. We continue to maintain our positive view on a long-term basis due to its 1) Diverse range of product offerings, 2) Revival in rural demand, 3) Beneficiary of state policies towards hybrids and other flex fuel powertrains. 4) Healthy traction in export markets and 5) Introduction of EVs and new launches. Outlook Factoring this, we retain our “BUY” rating with a TP of Rs 14,586 (previous Rs 15,045) valuing it at 25x on its Sept’27 earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks 2024: Zomato, REC, Coal India among top bets for Samvat 2081 [/INST] The full article is as follows: As Samvat 2081 dawns, the stock market’s fire continues to burn bright, but it's time to switch gears. India’s growth story is propelling the country toward becoming the world’s third-largest economy, with Nifty 50 companies poised to deliver an impressive 11.8 percent earnings CAGR over FY24-FY26, according to SBI Securities. The Nifty and Sensex smashed records in Samvat 2080, delivering gains of 27 percent and 25 percent respectively but that’s not all. The broader market saw explosive rallies, with mid-caps and small-caps leading the charge, delivering a staggering 47 percent return. But the big question on everyone’s mind is, what’s next? Ask the experts, and pat comes the reply: the best days for small and midcaps might be behind us as large caps are now primed to take the spotlight with a much better risk-reward ratio. In fact, analysts are sounding the alarm -- it’s time to rebalance your portfolio. Large caps are ready to shine, and the time is now to trim your SMID exposure. So, are you ready to seize the opportunity? As volatility increases in the market and the benchmarks – and the broader markets – witness wild swings with a downward bias, analysts believe that investors should look at it as a golden window to build a rock-solid portfolio and ride the next wave of India’s economic boom straight to wealth creation in Samvat 2081. Also Read | Diwali Stock Picks for Samvat 2081: Nirmal Bang bets on Archean Chemical, LTTS, Jyoti Resins, others Here are some of the top stock picks for Samvat 2081 1. Zomato The company has delivered stellar quarterly numbers yet again. Zomato has consistently gained market share over Swiggy from FY22 to 1QFY25, driven by its stronger execution. Based on the reported gross order value (GOV), Zomato’s market share increased from 54% in FY22 to 58% in 1QFY25. The company is focusing on aggressively expanding Blinkit by entering new cities and deepening its presence in existing markets. This includes broadening product categories like beauty, electronics, and toys, and opening larger dark stores. With rising competition in the quick-commerce space, Zomato aims to shore up its defenses through a strategic capital raise, with an upper cap of $1 billion. This capital raise will ensure Zomato maintains financial flexibility, allowing it to continue scaling Blinkit while countering competitive pressures effectively. The company’s cash burn scenario is also now vastly different from what was witnessed when food delivery was scaling up. Contrary to countless questions on whether food delivery would ever be profitable, the viability of the “dark store model” is now beyond doubt: mature dark stores are already margin positive. New dark stores are reaching breakeven in GOV terms much faster. Hence, investors will be far more lenient this time, and revenue growth could keep ringing in, as companies unlock new cities, markets, and categories. Another lever Zomato has is its Rs 2,000 crore acquisition of Paytm’s entertainment business, which analysts reckon may have a good pay-off. Valued at 6.9x FY24 revenue, this all-cash transaction allows Zomato to expand into a lucrative new segment. Its ability to leverage this acquisition, coupled with its strong competitive position in the food delivery business and the growing moat around the quick commerce business, positions it well for sustainable growth, according to analysts. Valuations may look a tad expensive – 54 times, revenue. Brokerages like CLSA, Nuvama, MOFSL and several others remain bullish on the stock, pegging the target price as high as Rs 370. 2. HUDCO The government’s push towards affordable housing and infrastructure projects is one of the biggest drivers behind HUDCO’s success. As the government continues to ramp up spending in these areas, HUDCO is set to benefit the most since it provides financing to these focused sectors. What's more, HUDCO's recent reclassification as an NBFC-Infrastructure Finance Company allows it to finance a broader range of projects beyond housing, including renewable energy and smart cities, opening up new growth avenues. Company-Specific Growth: In FY24, HUDCO reported a total income of Rs 7,948 crore, up 12% from the previous year. Net profit for the same period surged by 24% to Rs 2,117 crore. HUDCO’s loan book is growing at an exceptional rate, driven by the government’s infrastructure push. From FY21 to FY24, disbursements doubled from Rs 8,323 crore to Rs 17,987 crore. Asset quality is fairly positioned with net NPAs pegged at 0.36% for FY24. With a healthy provision coverage ratio of 86%, the company has strong buffers in place to handle any potential risks. Additionally, in a market starved of value, the stock offers a dividend yield of 2% upwards. Having corrected 43% from recent highs, the stock is currently trading at attractive valuations considering its potential for income as well as loan growth. Based on FY25 estimates, the stock trades at 2.6 times the adjusted book for FY25 and 2.2 times FY26. This compares favourably to the average sector multiple of 2.8 times. 3. Coal India From being seen as a “dirty” company because of the anti-ESG trade, the world has come to realise there is no way for India to meet its growth aspirations without coal. Markets are reflecting this reality. After 7 years of underperformance compared to benchmark Nifty till 2021-end, it is being seen as a good bet considering its fairly high dividend yield at a time markets are at the higher end of historic valuation. The mining company is on track for record-breaking growth, with a production target of 838 MNT for FY25 and an ambitious 1 billion tonnes by FY26. Analysts say that since 81% of Coal India’s coal goes to the power sector, the company will benefit from consistent demand in important industries like power and steel. Its &quot;First Mile Connectivity&quot; projects, which focus on improving coal transport through automation, are expected to greatly increase transportation capacity by FY29, with an investment of Rs 24,750 crore. Cost-cutting initiatives, including the closure of unviable underground mines, will further drive productivity and efficiency. CIL’s recent foray into graphite mining taps into the rising demand for materials vital to EVs and energy storage, positioning the company for long-term growth in this high-demand market. With a 5.2 percent dividend yield and 8.5 times earnings for FY25 and 7.7 times FY26, CIL offers a solid investment with strong growth potential and income stability, according to SBI Securities. Also Read | Diwali Picks | TCS, Bajaj Auto, ACC, Granules India among Choice Broking's favourite bets 4. REC Despite the stupendous run since 2020, this PSU is seen to be well on the growth track thanks to its focus on the growing power and infrastructure segment. With plans to add 360GW of capacity by FY30 and a growing focus on green financing, REC’s AUM is projected to rise to Rs 6 lakh crore by FY25 and Rs 10 lakh crore by FY29, with renewable projects making up 30% of its portfolio, according to Nirmal Bang. Currently, its AUM stands at Rs 5.46 lakh crore. Over the past four years, it has seen a dramatic surge in profits from Rs 4,886 crore in FY20 to Rs 47,214 crore, primarily driven by core income growth and provision write-backs. Provision reversals will continue to add to this kitty this year too. REC plans to be a zero non-performing asset company by FY25 end. Currently, the company has made 100% provisioning for seven projects. The total value of the projects to be resolved is Rs 13,800 crore. The company expects to have write-backs worth Rs 1,500–2,000 crore in FY25. Even as the stock has seen a significant re-rating over the past four years, institutional interest in the stock is still growing with several big brokerages initiating coverage on the stock while factoring in the long runway for growth. Bernstein initiated coverage on the stock as late as July, saying that investors are &quot;underestimating the duration and intensity of the (capex) cycle.&quot; The brokerage believes that the capex cycle this time around could be double that of the previous cycle. As for power, it said, over the past six years, 100 GW of generation capacity has been added, and Bernstein expects an addition of over 300 GW in the next six years. More significantly, the brokerage pointed out that the risk of non-performing assets is significantly lower in the current cycle, with approximately 70% of PFC and REC lending directed to government entities and 30% to private renewables. While the risk of delayed payments from state-owned enterprises has reduced significantly, Bernstein pointed out that private lending, which historically carried a higher risk of default, now is less risky as renewable loans have a shorter execution cycle of one to two years, compared to five years for thermal projects. REC's book value per share has nearly doubled from Rs 133 in FY20 to Rs 261 in FY24. MOFSL projects a loan book CAGR of 18 percent and a profit CAGR of 15 percent over FY24-FY27. This is for an RoA and RoE of 2.6 percent and 21 percent, respectively and a dividend yield of 4.7 percent in FY27. UBS has a price target of Rs 630, implying a 1.6x Sep’26E P/ABV. 5. Muthoot Finance The company is well-positioned for growth as gold prices reach record highs, driven by increased central bank purchases and hedging amidst geopolitical uncertainties, the US presidential election, and Japan's rate decisions. This bullish trend enhances the value of gold collateral, reducing default risk for gold financiers. Jefferies projects accelerated loan growth and improved profitability for Muthoot Finance, anticipating a significant increase in gold prices, which have surged 17% since June to $2,739/oz. Muthoot stands to benefit from potential interest rate cuts, as 31-46% of its liabilities mature within six months, easing net interest margin (NIM) pressure. Despite near-term headwinds from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) directives, the secured nature of gold lending limits loan losses, with gross non-performing asset (GNPA) levels remaining manageable. The positive outlook for gold prices and anticipated rate cuts suggests robust earnings growth and return on equity (RoE). Muthoot’s loan assets under management (AUM) are projected to grow at a CAGR of 16% over FY24-26E, driven by rising gold prices, reduced competition, and a decline in unsecured lending. Yields are expected to stabilize around 18%, with the company forecasting a 19% CAGR in profits due to higher AUM and improved operational leverage. To enhance customer acquisition, Muthoot plans to open 150-200 new branches annually. Its conservative auction policy allows for higher provisions, maintaining low asset quality risk with LTV ratios around 63%. Given gold's stability as a secure asset class and expected RoE improvements by FY26, Muthoot Finance merits a premium valuation, as the gold collateral significantly exceeds the loan amounts, according to analysts.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Indian markets about 10% overvalued, limited upside for further re-rating: Prashant Jain of 3P Investment Managers [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian markets are may be around 10 percent overvalued with limited room for multiples to re-rate further, said Prashant Jain, founder and chief investment officer at 3P Investment Managers in a conversation with Moneycontrol. &quot;Over the time, market returns should be equal to earnings growth rate of 12-13 percent CAGR as India is currently a lower inflation country and there is little scope for margins to improve in any sector,&quot; Jain said. Jain also said that Indian valuations are roughly 15-25 percent above their 10-15 year averages. But, India deserves a premium due to its growth potential and significantly lower cost of capital, he added. Another reason is that India's volatility has also come down due to strong domestic inflows, which supports the country's higher valuation multiples. From a near-term perspective, growth in largecaps could be around 12 percent CAGR but it will be quite low in small- and mid-caps as they are relatively weaker companies when compared to the larger counterparts in the same sectors, he said. On Nifty outlook Downside in Nifty appears limited as it has not outperformed the economic growth. And key sectors within the Nifty, like banks, are still attractively valued and have already adjusted to current growth expectations. Nifty components, including large banks, software, consumer goods, pharma, and auto companies, have seen minimal equity dilution, unlike sectors outside the Nifty, said Jain. So, the limited supply in Nifty stocks, paired with strong domestic mutual fund inflows, could support the Nifty’s valuation levels and help returns catch up with the broader market.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Force Motors hits 20% upper circuit on healthy Q2FY25 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Force Motors soared 20 percent to hit the upper circuit at Rs 7,654 on October 30 after the company posted strong Q2 FY25 results. In Q2, the company's consolidated net profit jumped 43 percent YoY to Rs 134 crore, compared to Rs 92.4 crore a year ago. Revenue grew 7.8 percent YoY to Rs 1,941.3 crore, while total income increased 7.6 percent YoY to Rs 1,949.9 crore. Although sales of the company’s own vehicles declined 19 percent, robust demand for luxury engines provided a significant boost. Catch LIVE blog for all the market action At the operational level, the company's Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) for the quarter rose 25 percent to Rs 282 crore, compared to Rs 225 crore in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA margin expanded year-on-year to 14.5 percent from 12.5 percent last year. Force Motors, which manufactures engines for BMW and Mercedes-Benz, has established itself as a key player in the luxury automotive space. Founded in 1958, the company specialises in utility and commercial vehicles, including vans, school buses, and ambulances. Over the years, Force Motors has collaborated with automotive giants like Daimler, Rolls-Royce, Bosch, and MAN, leveraging global expertise to create advanced mobility solutions. So far in 2024, the stock has surged 102 percent, fueled by the company’s strong growth in engine manufacturing and commercial vehicle segments.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 323: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Bharat Electronics Bharat Electronics Ltd. (BEL) is a Navaratna enterprise with a 37% market share in Indian defence electronics. BEL’s core capabilities are in radar &amp;amp; weapons systems, defence communication, &amp;amp; electronic warfare. In Q2FY25, revenue was up by 15% YoY, which was largely in line with our estimates due to better execution. While net profit surged by 34.3% YoY. EBITDA grew by 38% YoY, and margin was up by 510bps YoY to 30.3%, led by a better product mix and lower cost. The current order backlog is at Rs.74,595cr (3.2x FY25E sales), providing strong visibility for the next 3–4 years. The Q2 order inflow was at ~Rs.2,473cr, while the total order inflow guidance for FY25E &amp;amp; FY26E is maintained at ~Rs.50,000cr. If QRSAM fruitions, additional Rs.25-30,000cr orders will be added to order inflow over FY25E-26E. Margin profile in the range of ~24-25%, while profitability is anticipated to grow by 18.2% CAGR over FY24-26E. Outlook We reiterate our positive outlook on BEL given the government's thrust in domestic manufacturing, increasing electronics share in defence, its market leadership position, a strong order backlog, and healthy margin profile. Given upgrade in our estimates and sharp correction in stocks prices, we value BEL at P/E to 42x on FY26E EPS and maintain upgrade to BUY from Hold rating with a target price of Rs.323. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Supriya Lifescience; target of Rs 644: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Supriya Lifescience Supriya Lifescience revenue slightly missed (-1.2%) our estimate. However, EBITDA and PAT beat our estimates significantly due to lowerthan-expected operating expenses, better product mix and better geographical mix. We increase the PE multiple to 29.0x (previously: 25.5x) as we believe growth will be driven by expansion into regulated markets, a focus on high-margin niche markets, increase in the production capacity and diversification into CDMO (contract development and manufacturing organization) business. Outlook We maintain FY26E EPS estimates of INR 22.2, showing our confidence in the backward integration strategy which provides better cost control, and is consistent in strong operational performance. Therefore, we arrive at a target price of INR 644/share (previously: INR 578/share) and maintain “BUY” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RITES stock jumps 3% on MoU with SAIL-Bokaro Steel Plant for railway infrastructure [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of RITES gained more than 3 percent on October 30 as the infrastructure consultancy firm signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with SAIL-Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL-BSL), under the Ministry of Steel. This involves collaboration for Project Management Consultancy for rail connectivity works involving both existing and new railway tracks across various sites within the Bokaro Steel Plant in Jharkhand. Under the MoU, RITES will provide comprehensive services, including surveying, engineering, project monitoring, supervision and quality control. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action RITES also recently secured a major contract worth Rs 59.13 crore from UP State Bridge Corporation Limited for supervision of various infrastructure projects across Uttar Pradesh as announced on Tuesday. The company received the Letter of Acceptance (LoA) for providing consultancy services for construction supervision of bridges, rail over/under bridges, flyovers, and elevated roads, including approaches in several districts of Uttar Pradesh. The contract will focus on supervision, monitoring, quality control, and work zone safety aspects of these civil works. The project has a 36-month execution timeline and excludes GST from the contract value. RITES had earlier emerged as the lowest bidder (L-1) for this tender on September 5, 2024. This domestic contract involves no related party transactions, and the company confirmed that its promoter group has no interest in UP State Bridge Corporation Limited, the awarding entity. At 10:38 am, RITES shares were trading over 3 percent higher at Rs 303.95 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 21 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 31 percent compared to Nifty's rise of 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1500: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on ICICI Bank ICICI Bank delivered a healthy quarter with stable asset quality. Net interest income (NII) grew 9.5% YoY (-11.3% QoQ) to INR 200,480 Mn in Q2FY25. NII was 1.6% higher than our estimates. The net interest margin was 4.27% in Q2FY25 compared to 4.53% in Q2FY24 (vs. 4.36% in Q1FY25). Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) for Q2FY25 grew 17.5% YoY (+4.4% QoQ) to INR 167,232 Mn. The profit after tax surged 14.5% YoY (+6.2% QoQ) to INR 117,459 Mn in Q2FY25. With consistent growth in its loan and deposit portfolios, especially in high-margin retail and SME segments, ICICIBC has solidified its position in the competitive Indian banking sector. We raise our P/ABV multiple of the standalone banking business to 2.8x (earlier 2.6x) to the FY26E ABV of INR 462.9 per share on the back of the strong balance sheet and improving growth trajectory of its core segments. Outlook This implies a SOTP valuation of INR 1,500 per share (earlier INR 1,430), representing a potential upside of 16.0%. Accordingly, we maintain our &quot;BUY&quot; rating on shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Balkrishna Industries; target of Rs 2768: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Balkrishna Industries BIL’s Q2FY25 earnings performance exceeds our estimates across the board. For Q2FY25, BIL reported revenue of INR 24,197 Mn (+7.4% YoY/ -10.9% QoQ), which outperformed our estimates by 4.0%. In Q2FY25, EBITDA grew by 8.8% YoY/ (-12.7% QoQ) to INR 5,798 Mn, which beat our estimate on higher gross margins and favorable operating leverage. PAT for the quarter was at INR 3,469 Mn (-0.1% YoY/ -29.3% QoQ), which is largely in line with our estimate. We lower our FY25 EPS estimates by 2.1%, mainly because the management has indicated flat volume growth for the year. However, for FY26E, we are maintaining our EPS projections, as we expect stronger pricing power and the delay in the EUDR policy to support our estimates. Outlook We maintain our P/E multiple of 26.5x to FY26E EPS of INR 104.4 to arrive at a price target of INR 2,768/share (maintained). Given the downside potential of 4.6% from CMP, we maintain our &quot;REDUCE&quot; rating on Balkrishna Industries' shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Timeless lessons from ‘The Intelligent Investor’ for today's market [/INST] The full article is as follows: A 75-year-old classic that holds timeless wisdom which is still relevant today. Since its original publication in 1949, Benjamin Graham’s revered classic, The Intelligent Investor, has taught and inspired millions of people worldwide and remains the most respected guide to investing. Knows as the Father of Value Investing, Graham introduced the concept of Mr. Market as a metaphor for the stock market representing its erratic and emotional nature. Mr. Market offers prices to buy or sell stocks, sometimes at irrational levels. The Intelligent Investors views these price offers as opportunities and is not swayed by Mr. Markets irrationality by focusing on the intrinsic value of stocks. Certain concepts explained in the book which find relevancy even today in the Indian stock market are mentioned below. 1. Graham on Types of Investors: * The Defensive Investor - Aims for safety and security, focusing on a diversified portfolio of low-risk investments typically an equal split between stocks and bonds. This investor prioritizes consistency, stable returns, and avoiding unnecessary risk. * The Enterprising Investor - Willing to devote more time and effort to research, seeking opportunities in undervalued stocks or special situations. This investor requires a deeper understanding of markets, individual securities and an active approach towards investing. 2. Graham on Mutual Funds: Mutual funds are quite cheap, very convenient, generally diversified, professionally managed, and tightly regulated under some of the toughest provisions. However, Mutual Funds are not perfect. They are almost perfect, and that word makes all the difference. Because of their imperfections, most funds underperform the market, overcharge their investors and suffer erratic swings in performance. Read : Most funds that topped the ranks in 2019 came to the bottom in 2023. 3. Graham on Value Investing: It is an investing style which involves buying stocks that are undervalued relative to their intrinsic worth which is essentially justified by a company’s assets, earnings, dividends, financial strength and stability, definite company prospects and quality of management. Grahams guidelines for picking stocks are — # Company Size: He preferred large companies. He felt that large firms have the resources in “capital and brain power” to carry them through adversity and back to a level of satisfactory earnings. # Strong Financials: He used different measures of financial strength depending upon the industry such as Current ratio (greater than 2), Working Capital, and Debt to Equity ratio (between 0 to 1). # Stability: He liked to look at the historical company performance over an extended period and preferred companies that avoid losses during recessionary periods. # Dividend: Companies that have paid dividends consistently in the past demonstrate stability and a shareholder-friendly approach. # Valuation: He required that companies be available at a moderate P/E ratio and a moderate P/B ratio. # Growth: He demanded that companies grow enough to keep pace with inflation and have positive earnings over a long period. Finally, Graham strongly advocated to keep a margin of safety, diversify the investments portfolio and stick to asset allocation as it would help the Intelligent Investor create long term wealth. As you can see, even though the book was written in 1949, the concepts it has taught investors still echo in this modern world of investing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Adani Wilmar; target of Rs 373: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Adani Wilmar For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 17.9% YoY (+2.1% QoQ) to INR 144,605 Mn, which is in line with our estimate of 0.8%. The Food &amp;amp; FMCG segment recorded a strong revenue growth of 34.0% YoY (+12.1% QoQ), fueled by increased outlet penetration, and repeat purchases of food products. EBITDA increased 294.1% YoY (-8.5% QoQ) to INR 5,662 Mn, which missed our estimate mainly due to higher-than-expected operating expenses. EBITDA margin improved by 274 bps YoY (-45 bps QoQ) to 3.9%. Adj. net profit increased 302.8% YoY (-0.7% QoQ) to INR 3,110 Mn, missed our estimate. We lower our FY25E/FY26E Adj. EPS estimate by 3.6%/9.0%, on the back of lower-than-expected Q2FY25 performance, inflationary pressures and difficulties in implementing price increases. Outlook We maintain a P/E multiple of 45.0x, leading to a target price of INR 373 per share (previously: INR 410). We maintain our ‘ACCUMULATE’ rating on Adani Wilmar Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Consumption slowdown is positive as it isn't growing via debt, says Prashant Jain of 3P Investment Managers [/INST] The full article is as follows: A slowdown in consumption currently is a positive trend as it is sustainable and not growing via debt, said Prashant Jain, founder and chief investment officer at 3P Investment Managers, in a conversation with Moneycontrol. &quot;Whenever consumption is supported by rising leverage, it means one is preponing consumption and consumption is growing ahead of income levels which will lead to a moderation in demand,&quot; said Jain. Jain said that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been actively working to curb growth in unsecured retail loans. In November last year, RBI has flagged certain concerns on excessive growth in the unsecured retail loans and over-reliance of NBFCs on bank funding. Jain pointed out that ramping up India’s manufacturing exports will be challenging due to a global economic slowdown and increased surplus capacity from China. &quot;This could lead to some moderation in specific areas of the Indian economy, but there’s no reason to be pessimistic,&quot; he added. He also observed a shift in consumer priorities. &quot;People are prioritising air travel, dining out, high-end gadgets, and vacations over staples and four-wheelers,&quot; he said, highlighting a trend toward 'downtrading' in essential goods like soaps, shampoos, and even car purchases.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: SBI Cards falls 3% on weak Q2 results, brokerages downgrade stock, warn of tough FY25 ahead [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of SBI Cards and Payment Services declined over 3 percent to Rs 664 per share on October 30 after brokerages were disappointed with its dismal July-September (Q2FY25) quarter performance. Majority of them reduced their outlook on the counter, slashing target prices, seeing difficult remainder of the year. Nomura shared a 'reduce' rating on SBI Cards and shared target price of Rs 625 apiece, seeing further another 6 percent downside. The firm expects FY25 to be a washout year for SBI Cards, with potential policy rate cut being the only way to improve profitability. They see second-quarter as an operationally weak quarter with card additions at multi-year lows. HSBC, too, shared 'reduce' rating on SBI Cards and reduced target price to Rs 580 per share. Analysts believe that muted new card issuance and low share of earnings assets have impacted earnings. Moreover, the management has not shared any clear guidance on recovery in asset quality. &quot;We cut FY25 estimated EPS by 25 percent on high credit costs. The timing of an earnings recovery also seems difficult to predict,&quot; the brokerage firm added. ALSO READ: SBI Card Q2 results: Net profit falls 33% to Rs 404 crore Meanwhile, Jefferies shared a 'hold' call on SBI Cards and cut target price to Rs 760 per share. Even they cut FY25-27E EPS by 4-8 percent due to miss in second quarter profit due to higher opex. SBI Cards posted net profit of Rs 404 crore in Q2, marking 33 percent YoY decline, while revenue rose 8.2 percent YoY in total revenue. The revenue growth was primarily driven by 20 percent increase in interest income, but fee and commission declined by 2 percent. Market share also showed a slight decline, with SBI Card’s card-in-force share dropping to 18.5 percent from 19.2 percent last year, and spend share falling to 15.7 percent from 18 percent. Additionally, asset quality deterioated during the quarter. Gross non-performing assets (GNPA) rose to 3.27 percent, up from 2.43 percent YoY, while net non-performing assets (NNPA) climbed to 1.19 percent from 0.89 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Shriram Properties soars 7% as firm eyes Rs 750 cr revenue from Pune land parcel [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Shriram Properties soared as much as 7 percent on October 30 after the company inked a joint development agreement to develop a mixed use project in Pune, staring at a revenue potential of about Rs 750 crore. At 09.56 am, shares of Shriram Properties were trading at Rs 108.99 on the NSE. Aside from gains in today's session, the stock has largely remained under pressure in the near past, shedding close to 15 percent in the last one month. The company announced the signing of a joint development agreement (JDA) for six acres of prime land located in the emerging micro-markets of Undri, Pune. It further plans to develop over 650 apartments along with some retail and commercial spaces in the land parcel, totaling an aggregate saleable area of more than 1 million sq ft, to be constructed over the next four years. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action &quot;The project holds a revenue potential of Rs 700-750 crore, and we aim to launch it in H2 FY25,&quot; the company stated. &quot;This investment aligns with our asset-light strategy for accelerated growth. Pune presents a promising market, and we recognise significant potential for well-established brands like Shriram,&quot; Murali Malayappan, Chairman &amp;amp; Managing Director of Shriram Properties, said in an exchange filing. As of the end of the June quarter, Shriram Properties boasts a robust pipeline of 42 projects, encompassing 42 million sq ft of saleable area, including 26 ongoing projects with 24.3 million sq ft of saleable area.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Voltas shares plunge 6% following Q2 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Voltas fell over 6 percent following the release of its September quarter financial results. Although the company showed significant annual improvement, sequential results indicated a sharp decline in earnings. As of 9:40 AM, Voltas shares were down 6 percent at Rs 1,663. The stock has surged nearly 70 percent year-to-date, significantly outperforming the Nifty 50, which rose about 13 percent over the same period. In the September quarter, Voltas' consolidated net profit jumped 262 percent YoY to Rs 134 crore, while revenue from operations increased 14 percent YoY to Rs 2,619 crore. However, sequentially, net profit dropped by 60 percent and revenue by 47 percent. Follow our live blog for all the market action The annual revenue growth was largely driven by a 56 percent surge in volume within its unitary cooling products segment. The segment's revenue rose 31 percent year-on-year to Rs 1,582.2 crore. However, this represents a decline of over 58 percent compared to the previous quarter. Voltas, a market leader in both split and window air conditioners, held a 21 percent market share as of September. Revenue from the Electro-Mechanical Projects and Services segment fell nearly 5 percent year-on-year and over 7 percent quarter-on-quarter, totaling Rs 880 crore. The Engineering Products and Services segment saw a 9 percent annual revenue increase but declined 9 percent sequentially to Rs 146.7 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Torrent Pharma stock drops 4% as promoter likely pares stake in Rs 3,239 cr block deal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Torrent Pharma slipped as much as 4 percent on October 30 after a block deal worth Rs 3,238.90 crore took place in the counter with promoter Torrent Investments being the likely seller. At 09.33 am, shares of Torrent Pharma were trading at Rs 3,113.25 on the NSE. The block deal also tipped off a spike in trading volumes in the counter. As much as one shares already changed hands, far higher than the one month daily traded average of four lakh shares. As much as 1.04 crore shares, making up a 3.1 percent stake in the drugmaker changed hands at an average price of Rs 3,108 apiece, implying an over 3 percent discount from the stock's previous closing price. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Moneycontrol could not immediately ascertain the parties involved in the transaction, however, CNBC-TV18 had reported that promoter Torrent Investments Private Limited was eyeing to offload up to 2.9 percent equity in Torrent Pharma through block deals, in a bid to make up to Rs 3,000 crore. While the base size of the issue was 83 lakh shares, representing 2.4 percent of total equity and valued at Rs 2,500 crore, it had an additional greenshoe option of 16.5 lakh shares worth Rs 500 crore, according to a separate report by CNBC-Awaaz. Furthermore, CNBC-TV18 also reported that the block deal will also trigger a lock-in period of 120 days, during which Torrent Investments will be restricted from selling any further stake. Torrent Investments holds a 71.25 percent stake in Torrent Pharma, as per the drugmaker's recent shareholding data.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Nifty, Sensex fall, snap 2-day streak as pharma stocks decline; Auto stocks rise [/INST] The full article is as follows: Benchmark indices Nifty and Sensex were off to a weak start on the bourses on October 30 following a two-day rally. The dip comes despite positive global cues where Nasdaq hit a fresh record high and Asian markets also ended in the green. At about 9:20 am, the Sensex was down 181.23 points or 0.23 percent at 80,187.80, and the Nifty was down 60.30 points or 0.25 percent at 24,406.50. About 1,775 shares advanced, 782 shares declined, and 108 shares unchanged. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates &quot;While the sentiment in the past few weeks has been quite negative, strong liquidity and FIIs selling gradually reducing has helped markets regain slight momentum. If Nifty sustains the 24,360 mark, the expectation is that the market will remain in the positive strategy,&quot; Kranthi Bathini, Director of Equity Strategy at WeallthMills Securities, said. To be sure, FIIs sold Rs 548 crore in cash markets on October 29, significantly lower than Rs 3,228 crore sold the previous day. Domestic investors were net buyers yet again, purchasing Rs 730 crore in the cash markets. Also read: Maruti Suzuki Q2: Brokerages worry as demand concerns for entry-level cars loom As for stocks, India's largest four-wheeler manufacturer Maruti Suzuki was buzzing in trade following its weaker-than-expected second quarter earnings. The stock gained over 2 percent in the opening trade even as brokerages are cautious as demand for entry-level cars looms. The Maruti stock has slipped 18 percent in the past month. As for the broader market, comprising mid and small caps, showcased a mixed performance. While the midcap index fell 0.2 percent, the smallcap index rallied almost one percent. The two have fallen up to 6 percent in the past month as a host of experts cautioned against expensive valuations. India VIX, a barometer to assess market anxiety, notched up by 3 percent to hover around the 15 levels. Read more: Swiggy sets price band of Rs 371-390 a share for IPO &quot;Observing the intraday chart, a strong base formation is evident, suggesting a continued buy-on-dip strategy with 24100 as a key support level. Although bulls remain optimistic amid the festive week, caution is advised as the market remains uncertain, and booking profits at higher levels is prudent,&quot; Sameet Chavan, Head of Technical and Derivate Research at Angel One, said. He added that improved market sentiment has been fueled by strong gains in select stocks, with the banking sector leading the charge this earnings season. However, a few stocks have faced pressure from missed earnings expectations, underscoring the importance of careful stock selection to spot potential outperformers. Among sectors, Nifty Auto was the top gainer, rising almost a percent higher after Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Bajaj Auto and Hyundai Motor lifted the sentiment. The FMCG index also rose, albeit marginally. Pharma and Healthcare index tanked 2 percent each. Maruti Suzuki, BEL, Bajaj Auto, IndusInd Bank, and Tata Motors were the top gainers on the Nifty. Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma, Shriram Finance, and SBI Life Insurance were the top losers.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Current valuations 10-25% above 15 year average but they are justifiable: Prashant Jain of 3P [/INST] The full article is as follows: Consumption patterns are shifting, with consumers prioritising convenience and services over traditional spending, according to Prashant Jain, the founder and chief investment officer of 3P Investment Managers. “Categories like air travel, rail travel services and food delivery are growing as consumers allocate more spending to these new areas. This shift explains why the portfolio includes emerging categories, while traditional consumption segments may be slowing,” he noted. Jain also spoke to Moneycontrol about valuations, investing in initial public offerings (IPOs) and key risks going ahead. Edited excerpts: Could you elaborate on the challenges India is facing with consumption slowing due to leverage-driven growth and export deceleration influenced by global factors? There are clear signs of a consumption slowdown. Consumption driven by leverage often outpaces income growth, leading to reduced demand when growth normalises. This is the current scenario. The central bank has taken steps to moderate retail loan growth, particularly for unsecured loans, to encourage more sustainable consumption levels. On the exports front, the global economic slowdown, compounded by China’s surplus production capacity, makes it difficult for India to increase its manufactured exports. However, services exports are thriving, supported by India’s competitive edge. While these factors may temper growth in some areas, we remain optimistic about India’s broader economic potential. Where do you see the most significant stress in consumption patterns? We don't have extensive data, but we observe a shift in consumption patterns, which is adding to the slowdown in more traditional categories. You recently discussed valuations, stating that they are about 15-25 percent higher than historical averages. Could you explain this perspective? Current valuations are around 15-25 percent above the 10-15 year average, reflecting India's promising growth potential and a reduced cost of capital. The cost of capital in India has fallen as the yield gap between US and Indian rates has narrowed from 4-6 percent to about 3.8 percent, with low forward dollar premia. Additionally, domestic equities have experienced reduced volatility due to steady domestic flows, which supports the higher multiples. Although estimating an exact fair multiple is challenging, the current 20-25 percent premium over historical averages seems justified. India’s premium over other EMs (emerging markets) aligns with this shift, so current valuations are explainable and not a cause for concern. A DCF (discounted cash flow) analysis on similar economies suggests India may be about 10 percent overvalued, indicating minimal room for further multiple expansion, with earnings growth expected at about 11-12 percent CAGR (compound annual growth rate). Could you elaborate on the long-term return trajectory you envision for large-cap indices like the Sensex? We anticipate that large-cap indices such as the Sensex should compound at around 12 percent annually. Expecting higher returns than this may not be realistic, given the current valuation environment. However, we remain cautious regarding small- and mid-cap stocks due to their hard-to-justify valuations. We see no data supporting higher growth rates in aggregate for small- or mid-caps, as many companies in these segments lack the strength of their large-cap peers. Do you believe small- and mid-cap growth rates could justify their current valuations? No, we don't. In fact, we have yet to see data suggesting that small- and mid-cap stocks deliver higher growth rates overall. Many companies in these categories tend to be weaker compared to their larger counterparts within the same sectors. Given the headwinds in consumption and exports, where do you see the market over a one-to-three-year period? Forecasting short-term equity movements is challenging, but I believe the Nifty's downside appears limited. Historically, Nifty returns have aligned closely with economic growth rates, and certain Nifty components, like banks, are reasonably valued and have even underperformed. Valuations have adjusted to reflect the current growth outlook, suggesting limited downside risk and potential for positive returns in the longer term. What triggers might signal a reversal in this outlook? Valuations and stock supply would be key indicators. Notably, the Nifty has seen minimal dilution in sectors like banking, software, consumer goods, pharmaceuticals and large autos, unlike some other sectors. This, combined with persistent mutual fund inflows, suggests Nifty valuations could align with broader indices. Even recent record outflows, partly due to funds moving to China, had a limited impact on the Nifty, underscoring its underlying resilience. In your newsletter, you mentioned that in this market environment, it's essential to focus on defensive strategies, akin to scoring singles and doubles in cricket. Could you give us a framework for this approach? To reduce portfolio risk, we focus on high-quality, sustainable businesses and avoid those with weak fundamentals or temporary growth. Valuations are critical—overpaying can lead to significant penalties if growth slows, as we’re seeing in consumer companies where even slight underperformance in growth is heavily penalised. It’s essential to manage risk, focus on quality and set realistic return expectations. This isn’t a market to pursue aggressive returns. You own stocks in a diverse range of companies like Zomato, Ixigo, Mahindra Holidays. What's the theme here, especially considering the consumption slowdown? &amp;nbsp; Consumption patterns are shifting, with consumers prioritising convenience and services over traditional spending. Categories like air travel, rail travel services and food delivery are growing as consumers allocate more spending to these new areas. This shift explains why the portfolio includes emerging categories, while traditional consumption segments may be slowing. In this theme (of convenience), if we take individual companies like Zomato, it was looking like a bargain a year ago but how do you justify the valuations it is trading at now? Let’s not discuss individual companies. But I would agree with you that even these businesses are not cheap at all, particularly in these market conditions. What’s your thesis on consumer discretionary, especially given the sector’s slowdown? Are there any specific trends or picks defying this trend? Consumer discretionary as a whole is not slowing, though certain segments, like four-wheeler sales, are under pressure. Other areas, such as air travel and food delivery, continue to perform well, reflecting shifting consumer priorities. Consumers today are spending more on experiences and electronics, with limited budgets, and reduced net financial savings are also impacting spending patterns. Rapid growth in consumption-related loans has supported this shift, though repaying these loans will eventually constrain growth in traditional categories. You’ve been bullish on financials, especially private banks. How do you look at concerns about leverage-driven consumption and slowing growth? We favour large banks because their growth rates and valuations are now aligned with current economic growth rates. The dependency of large banks on unsecured personal loans is relatively low; they lend across diverse categories. Their superior customer profile also minimises risk from slippages in unsecured loans compared to smaller banks, NBFCs (non-banking financial companies) or MFIs (microfinance institutions). Additionally, large banks’ valuations are close to 10-15 year averages, unlike other sectors, where valuations are at a premium. This balance of strong fundamentals and reasonable valuations makes financials an attractive choice. And what about pharma, where you have increased exposure even though their earnings multiple does not fit into your investing framework? Pharma is a high-quality sector with significant competitive strength both domestically and internationally. The sector includes businesses that demonstrate attractive ROCE (return on capital employed), reasonable entry barriers and strong management with good scale. Valuations are also reasonable given the broader market context. Additionally, the pharma sector tends to follow a bottom-up approach in investment decisions due to each company’s unique growth prospects and business mix, making it less dependent on macro trends than sectors like banks or IT. You also have quite an eclectic bunch in autos, you have passenger cars, you have two-wheelers, you have quite a range of stocks. What is your call there from Mahindra and Mahindra to Eicher Motors? In autos, valuation dispersion across categories is low, supporting a diversified investment strategy. You pursue concentration in your portfolio when you find great value in some pockets because then it makes sense to put a lot of money in those few pockets… But in this market (across sectors including autos), the dispersion in valuation is low, so it is better to run a diversified portfolio. The valuations are converging and the growth prospects are similar, then why take additional risk of putting a lot of money behind a single idea? Did you invest in the Hyundai IPO? We thought it was very expensive. Do you invest in IPOs? What are your thoughts? The IPO market has seen a significant increase in supply. Promoter stakes are reducing, not from selling but through dilution. For the first time in the history of Indian capital markets, MNCs (multinational corporations) have sold down stakes in listed companies over the last one year. This trend has gone even one step further with the Indian arms of these MNCs listing in India because valuations in India are much higher than what these parents trade at outside. Hyundai was the first such case and we would expect a lot more companies to go public. The supply of stock in India is increasing rapidly. Some cash-rich companies are also raising capital to take advantage of attractive valuations. This rapid supply increase may lead to moderated returns and valuations over time, similar to historical patterns seen in 1992, 1999 and 2007. We remain keen on investing in IPOs, as the goal is always to find sustainable businesses at reasonable valuations. While we do not follow a short-term strategy to sell on listing, we look for long-term value in IPO investments without distraction from our overall low-churn investment approach. What do you see as the biggest risk for this year? The primary risks this year include geopolitical uncertainties and US 10-year yields. So far, oil prices have remained stable despite ongoing wars, minimising the impact on India as long as conflicts do not escalate. The US yield curve, however, is a concern: while the short end may decrease, long-term yields are likely to remain high due to increasing borrowing and persistent deficits. If US 10-year yields reach 4.5-5 percent, it could affect global capital markets. However, India may be resilient due to a lower current account deficit, strong local flows and reduced dependency on FII (foreign institutional investor) inflows. Do you see any risk to local liquidity at all? It seems like this is the new normal that every time the market sells off 5-7 percent and you stop because there is so much buying that comes with every dip. Is there anything at all that could change or reverse this trend? This surge in local market liquidity appears to be structural, stemming from decades of financial education and investment in public awareness by funds, regulators, media and banks. Domestic flows are likely to continue as long-term investments. If three-year returns drop significantly, domestic flows might slow, but currently, the trend remains robust. A potential moderation in IPO pricing could further benefit the market by sustaining interest without speculative spikes. How would you explain or describe last year, and what do you expect for the coming year? Expectations are high, with a new wave of investors, many of whom have not experienced a down market cycle. This could lead to disappointment, especially in high-risk areas like F&amp;amp;O (futures and options) or speculative investments in popular narratives. Long-term potential remains promising, but it’s critical for investors to be realistic about returns and mindful of risks, focusing on the quality and valuation of what they own. Markets may favour those who approach investments with discipline and long-term thinking, rather than chasing narratives or inflated prices. I also noticed that you have also exited a lot of stocks in this space that you had—defence, some of the power stocks, the power NBFCs, etc. So you made quite a timely exit, I guess, in all of these. Our investments are based on two simple promises, buy good quality businesses and don't overpay. So I think when good businesses are available cheap, you buy them, and when they get overvalued, you reduce exposure. That is a sensible way to do well in these markets.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Multiple near-term challenges may hijack Cipla's growth trajectory [/INST] The full article is as follows: While pharma major Cipla's better-than-expected numbers for the July-September quarter has impressed brokerages, the multiple near-term challenges that it faces has turned many on the Street cautious. These worries have also weighed on the stock as it tanked close to 5 percent in morning trade on October 30. At 09.17 am, shares of Cipla were trading at Rs 1,406.65 on the NSE. It is worth noting that the stock also fell close to 2 percent on October 29, after it released its quarterly numbers. On one hand Cipla faces supply challenges for its its tumor drug Lanreotide which is expected to keep sales lower in Q3 and on the other it struggles with further delays for two key launches due to regulatory challenges. Regulatory challenges at Cipla’s Goa and Pithampur facilities have pushed back the anticipated launch of its respiratory drug Advair to mid-FY26, while the chemotherapy drug Abraxane is now expected by brokerages to debut around FY27. Other key drugs are also facing their own set of challenges. Respiratory drug Albuterol is facing increasing competition, and similar concerns are circulating around the blockbuster cancer drug Revlimid, with its patent slated to expire in 2026. Taking notice of the high product concentration risk and near-term challenges in key products for Cipla, brokerage firm Nuvama Institutional Equities has slashed its price target for the stock `by 4 percent to Rs 1,593, while retaining its 'hold' call. Meanwhile, three key products—Lanreotide, Revlimid, and Albuterol—currently account for approximately 20 percent of Cipla's projected FY26 EBITDA, according to Nuvama. Therefore, any challenges to these drugs pose a considerable risk to the company's growth trajectory. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action UBS Securities also shares similar views. The brokerage believes that Lanreotide's shortage may impact Cipla's near-term performance at the current juncture. UBS also slashed its price target for the stock by 5 percent to Rs 1,960, but chose to retain its 'buy' call on Cipla. Moving on, Nomura believes the narrative for Cipla has worsened in the recent past, driven by US prospects and slowdown in India. &quot;Supply constraints in Lanreotide, potential competition in Lanreotide in due course, a delay in clearance of the Goa site resulting in Cipla failing to have the first-mover advantage (a competitor has gained approval) presents potential risks to earnings,&quot; Nomura wrote in a note. On account of this, Nomura also retained its 'neutral' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,568. Meanwhile, Bank of America (BoFA) also reiterated its 'underperform' rating on Cipla, setting a target price of Rs 1,400. BoFA further expects margins to moderate in H2 amid mixed trends for Q3. The brokerage also flagged that a potential delay hangs over Abraxane's launch as it hinges on the Goa facility's clearance. “Any setback in facility clearance poses a risk to estimates, and with limited catalysts, we maintain our underperform stance,” BoFA stated. Also Read | Cipla's major drug launches hit new delays as regulatory hurdles persist. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kaynes Technology's shares surge 6% on strong Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Kaynes Technology India surged by 6 percent on reporting robust Q2 results, with consolidated net profit soaring 86 percent YoY to Rs 60.2 crore. Revenue from operations also grew 59 percent YoY, reaching Rs 572.1 crore. As of 9.18 AM, the stock traded 5 percent higher at Rs 5,498. The stock has more than doubled year-to-date, significantly outperforming the Nifty 50, which gained nearly 13 percent during the same period. The company's EBITDA rose 68 percent YoY to Rs 82.1 crore, with EBITDA margins expanding by 83 basis points to 14.4 percent. Kaynes Tech's order book also increased to Rs 5,422.8 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 5,038.6 crore in Q1FY25. &quot;Our orderbook stood at Rs 5,422.8 crore as of September 30, 2024, providing strong revenue visibility for FY25 and beyond. This gives us confidence to sustain our growth and achieve the revenue guidance for the current year,&quot; said Ramesh Kunhikannan, Managing Director &amp;amp; Promoter of Kaynes Tech. Follow our live blog for all the market action Additionally, net working capital days improved to 108 from 119 in the year-ago period. Kaynes Technology is an integrated electronics manufacturer, providing end-to-end IoT-enabled solutions across the full range of Electronics System and Design Manufacturing (ESDM) services. With over 30 years of expertise, it delivers conceptual design, process engineering, integrated manufacturing, and lifecycle support for key sectors such as automotive, industrial, aerospace, space, strategic electronics, medical, railways, IoT, and IT. &quot;We continue to invest in high potential &amp;amp; high margin segments and expect these to help us sustain the growth momentum and make Kaynes, a differentiated player in this segment. We are consistently adding new capabilities, new geographies and looking to expand our customer base, with specific focus on large customers and high growth segments,&quot; Kunhikannan said in a press release.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 30, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks Farmers in Gujarat have sown kharif crops over 8.49 million hectares as of Oct. 14, down slightly by 1.4% on year, according to the final kharif sowing report released by the state's agriculture department. The state had kharif crops sown over 8.61 million hectares in the same period last year. The normal area under kharif crops, which is the average of the last three years, was 8.56 million hectares, of which the state covered 99.2% this year. The total oilseed acreage in the state was 2.91 million hectares, up from 2.68 million hectares last year. Under oilseeds, the acreage under groundnut was 1.91 million hectares, up from 1.64 hectares a year ago. The area sown under soybean rose 13.2% on year to 300,773 hectares from 265,738 hectares a year ago, while castor seed acreage fell to 646,334 hectares from 724,190 hectares last year. The acreage under paddy as of Oct. 14 rose to 886,779 hectares from 873,320 hectares a year ago, the report showed. The area sown under maize also rose slightly to 286,060 hectares from 282,463 hectares sown a year ago. On the other hand, the acreage under bajra fell to 168,315 hectares from 197,168 hectares a year ago, according to the report. The area sown under total pulses in the state was 406,711 hectares, up from 377,346 hectares a year ago, the report said. Under pulses, the acreage under tur rose to 244,250 hectares from 214,880 hectares last year, while moong acreage fell to 55,222 hectares from 64,619 hectares sown a year ago. Cotton acreage as of Oct. 14 fell to 2.37 million hectares from 2.68 million hectares last year, the report showed. The total area sown under all vegetables was 269,742 hectares, up from 260,360 hectares a year ago. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Marico jumps 9% as steady Q2 results sparks optimism, brokerages see up to 27% upside potential [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Marico jumped over 9 percent to Rs 687 per share as brokerages were impressed with its July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance, which came in-line with its pre-quarterly update. Analysts maintained their 'buy' calls on the counter, predicting over 27 percent upside from current levels. Nomura shared a 'buy' call for the FMCG player and put out target price at Rs 760 apiece, seeing no impact from urban category as it primarily caters to premium and mass-market segments. Moreover, the company's price hike strategy also helped improve growth outlook. Around 10 percent price hike was undertaken for Parachute from the second half, which reflected mid-single digit volume growth and market share gain, highlighted Nomura. Similarly, 15 percent price hike was taken for Saffola Oils in H2, which resulted in minimal volume backlash. Besides that, foods, premium personal care, and digital brands - all of them showed healthy growth trajectory. ALSO READ: Marico Q2 results: FMCG firm's net profit rises 20% to Rs 433 crore Joining the bullish chorus, Jefferies also shared a 'buy' rating and assigned Rs 800 apiece as target price. Jefferies said that the Q2 was in-line with India volume growth at 5 percent, supported by rural markets. Going forward, the management indicated positive quarters coming ahead as well as in the medium-term. However, if inflation returns back, Marico could face some margin pressures, the brokerage firm added. Marico's second-quarter profit rose by 20 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 433 crore, while revenue from operations rose by 7.4 percent YoY to Rs 2,664 crore. At the operational level, Marico's EBITDA showed a modest increase of 5 percent YoY in Q2FY25. Marico’s quarterly business update highlighted stable sector demand, with rural markets outpacing urban areas for a third consecutive quarter. The company reported mid-single-digit volume growth in its domestic segment, showing sequential improvement. The international business also delivered solid low-teen growth in constant currency, with each market contributing positively.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: World Street | Visa plans 1,400 layoffs; EU hikes tariffs on Chinese EVs; Google parent Alphabet reports strong Q3 growth; and more [/INST] The full article is as follows: Visa plans to lay off 1,400 employees, focusing on tech and global partnerships, while the EU raises tariffs on Chinese EVs up to 45.3%, sparking tension with Beijing. ByteDance’s Zhang Yiming tops China’s rich list as global revenue hits $110 billion. Alphabet posts strong Q3 growth with $88.3 billion in sales. Reddit reports its first profit, driven by AI deals and ad gains. All this and more on this edition of World Street. Visa Trims Visa is reportedly preparing to lay off around 1,400 employees and contractors by year’s end as part of efforts to sharpen its international business, according to the Wall Street Journal. Of the planned cuts, approximately 1,000 are in technology positions, while the rest focus on Visa’s merchant sales and global digital partnership roles. Some layoffs began last week, though employees in global digital partnerships will remain onboard until year-end. Duty Drama The European Union is raising tariffs on electric vehicles (EVs) imported from China, with rates reaching as high as 45.3% after concluding a high-profile trade investigation. The move has created tension within Europe and spurred warnings from Beijing. Following its year-long anti-subsidy probe, the European Commission plans to add extra tariffs ranging from 7.8% for Tesla to 35.3% for China's SAIC, in addition to the EU’s standard 10% import duty on cars. ByteDance Boom ByteDance founder Zhang Yiming has become China’s wealthiest individual with a net worth of $49.3 billion, surpassing the bottled water magnate Zhong Shanshan, according to the Hurun China Rich List. ByteDance’s global revenue surged by 30% last year, reaching $110 billion despite a legal battle over its U.S. assets, helping to bolster Yiming’s fortune. The total number of billionaires on the list has also declined, with 142 fewer than the previous year, marking a one-third drop from its 2021 peak. Market Magnet Google parent Alphabet announced robust revenue growth for the third quarter on Tuesday, continuing its upward momentum despite regulatory challenges and increasing competition. The tech giant reported $88.3 billion in sales, a 15% YoY increase, exceeding analysts' forecast. Profit also jumped 34% to $26.3 billion. The strong results underscore Alphabet’s dominance in digital advertising, with Google’s search engine and YouTube continuing to be essential channels for marketers to reach audiences. Reddit's Profit Pop Reddit reported its first-ever quarterly profit on Tuesday and projected fourth-quarter revenue above expectations, fueled by content licensing deals for AI training and strong digital ad spending. This news lifted its shares by 22%. As Reddit gains traction with advertisers, it continues to expand its user base through machine-learning-powered language translation. Content licensing partnerships with Google and Microsoft-backed OpenAI have also contributed to Reddit’s revenue growth. China Clampdown The Biden administration has announced that it is finalizing regulations to restrict U.S. investments in China’s AI and other tech sectors deemed risky to national security. Effective January 2, the new rules will be managed by the Treasury's newly established Office of Global Transactions. The rules, initially proposed in June by the U.S. Treasury, stem from an executive order signed by President Joe Biden in August 2023, covering three critical areas: semiconductors and microelectronics, quantum information technologies, and select AI systems.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerage Radar: Analysts turn cautious on SBI Cards; Nomura raises Bharti Airtel's target price [/INST] The full article is as follows: Check out the latest brokerage calls and analyst comments on the stocks in action today. Our coverage includes Maruti Suzuki, Marico, SBI Cards and more. Maruti Suzuki Nomura On Maruti Neutral Call, Target `12,455/Sh Concerns About Weaker Demand Remain, Q2 Margin Miss High Discounts May Continue In Near-term Improving CNG Mix &amp;amp; Rising ASPs Are Positives Mgmt Expects Festive Season Sales To Rise 14% YoY FY25F Retail Is Expected To Grow 3-4% YoY For Co Inventory Will Come Down To 30 Days At End Of Festive Season Hence Discount Pressure May Not Be There In Q3 HSBC On Maruti Hold Call, Target `14,000/Sh Q2 Margin Were Weak Due To Weak Demand Environment &amp;amp; High Discounting Q3 Is Likely To Be Worse Expect Biz To Normalize In FY26 On Improvement In Demand &amp;amp; New Pdt Launches Valuations Look Reasonable As Well; Hybrid Tax Cut Is Upside Risk SBI Cards Nomura on SBI Cards Reduce Call, Target Price At `625/Sh FY25 To Be A Washout Year Asset Quality Woes Continued As Credit Cost/Write-Offs Operationally A Weak Qtr With Card Additions At Multi-Qtr Lows; Current Valuation: 3.9x/21.2x FY26F BVPS/EPS HSBC On SBI Cards Reduce Call, Target Price Cut To `580/Sh Q2FY25: Muted New Card Issuance, Low Share Of Earnings Assets Impacted Earnings Q2FY25: NIM Contraction, High Credit Costs Impacted Earnings No Clear Guidance On A Recovery In Asset Quality Timing Of An Earnings Recovery Remains Difficult To Predict Cut FY25 Est EPS By 25% On High Credit Costs Jefferies On SBI Cards Hold Call, Target Price Cut To `760/Sh Q2 PAT Was Well Below Our Est Due To Higher Opex Receivables Growth Was Healthy At 23%YoY NIM Disappointed, But Should Inch Up In H2 Due To Easing Short Term Rates Opex Rose 11% QoQ Due To Pre-Festive Expenses GNPA &amp;amp; Net Slippages Rose QoQ Credit Costs Rose 50 bps QoQ As Expected, Credit Costs Can Stay Elevated Near Term Cut FY25-27E EPS By 4-8% Bharti Airtel HSBC on Bharti Airtel Buy Call, Target Price At `1,940/Sh Mobile ARPU To Increase, Home Broadband Subs To Surge Capex Intensity To Decline, FCF And ROIC To Improve In Q2, India EBITDA is up 19% YoY Nomura on Bharti Airtel Buy Call, Target Price Raised To `1,850/Sh Delivered Strong Performance For India Biz, Africa Core Performance Healthy Net Debt Increased Modestly, Capex Moderated Bharti Seems Best-Placed To Benefit From Rising ARPUs Marico Jefferies On Marico Buy Call, Target Price Raised To `800/Sh Q2 in-line With India Volume Growth At 5%, Led By Rural With inflation coming back, Marico to see rev growth accelerating to D/D ahead, With Inflation Coming Back, Marico To See Some Impact On Margins As Well Mgmt Outlook On Growth Appeared To Be +Ve For Coming Qtrs As Well As Medium-term Nomura On Marico Buy Call, Target Price At `760/Sh Q2: In-line With Pre-Quarterly Update; Demand Improves No Impact From Weakness In Urban As It Caters To Premium And Mass Sharp Price Hikes Improve Growth Outlook Parachute — 10% Price Hike From H2 + Mid-Single Volume Growth + Share Gain Saffola Oils — 15% Price Hike From H2 + Minimal Volume Backlash Foods, Premium Personal Care, Digital Brands – Show Healthy Growth Trajectory VAHO – Another Weak Quarter But Has Bottomed Out Nomura On Honeywell Automation Buy Call, Target `60,800/Sh Believe Margin Disappointment Was Largely Due To Inferior Mix Margin Disappointment Led By Sluggish Exports Demand From Non-Honeywell Entities However, Continue To Expect A Margin Recovery In H2FY25 Stock Currently Trades At 54x/ 44x FY26/ FY27 EPS Nomura On Cipla Neutral Call, Target `1,568/Sh In-Line Quarter But Weak Narrative Management Retained Guidance For FY25 EBITDA Margin At 24.5-25.5% Mgmt Says, Seasonal Weakness In Prescription &amp;amp; Trade Generic Segments Mgmt Says, Saw Strong Growth In Consumer Health North America Generics Sales declined QoQ Due To Lanreotide Supply Constraints North America Generics Sales Likely To Decline Further In Q3 With Recovery In Q4 Strong Growth In Both Tender And Private Market In South Africa Biz Mgmt Expects The Sustainable Growth Rate For The EM &amp;amp; Europe Business At ~10%. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open on flat note on October 30, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,441, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. In a volatile session, the Indian benchmark indices extended the gains on second straight session on October 29 with Nifty closing above 24,450, led by realty and financial stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 363.99 points or 0.45 percent at 80,369.03, and the Nifty was up 127.60 points or 0.52 percent at 24,466.80. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading flat, indicating a muted start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,441 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Up) Asian markets mostly climbed on Tuesday, tracking gains on Wall Street as investors looked toward a slate of megacap technology earnings to keep propelling the Nasdaq Composite Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.51 -4.17 5.98 Nikkei 0.77 -2.77 9 Hang Seng - - - Taiwan 0.21 2.55 23.42 Kospi -0.33 -4.69 -7.38 US Equities (Gain) The Nasdaq scored a record closing high and the S&amp;amp;P 500 rose on Tuesday, while the Dow fell as investors digested a host of corporate earnings and awaited Google-parent Alphabet's results that came after the market close. The Nasdaq Composite rose 145.56 points, or 0.78%, to 18,712.75, breaking the previous closing record in July. The S&amp;amp;P 500 climbed 9.45 points, or 0.16%, to 5,832.97. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 154.52 points, or 0.36%, to 42,233.05. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.36 0.10 13.23 S&amp;amp;P500 0.16 1.50 23.57 Nasdaq 0.78 3.22 25.96 US Bond Yield (Down) US 10-Year Treasury was down 19 bps at 4.24 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury was flat at 4.09 percent in the early trade on Wednesday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury -0.19 3.78 4.89 US 2-Year Treasury 0.05 3.64 5.05 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar hovered close to a three-month peak on Wednesday in a big week for macroeconomic data that could reveal the path for U.S. monetary policy. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.23 100.77 106.12 Asian currencies (Gain) Except Indonesian Rupiah and South Korean Won, all other Asian currencies were trading higher in the early trade on Wednesday. However, on month-to-date basis, all the currencies fell between 1-6 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.298 -4 -2.35 South Korean Won -0.046 -4.98 -6.70 Japanese Yen 0.052 -6.27 -7.96 Philippines Peso 0.139 -3.75 -4.86 Thai Baht 0.068 -3.64 1.79 Taiwan Dollar 0.0.44 -1.31 -4.69 China Renminbi 0.003 -1.54 -0.408 Malaysian Ringgit 0.085 -5.74 5.01 Singapore Dollar 0.045 -2.90 -0.234 Crude (Gains) Oil prices stabilised on Wednesday on industry data showing a surprise drop in U.S. crude and gasoline inventories, following two previous sessions of losses on the prospect of hostilities easing in the Middle East. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.22 -1.19 -5.99 Brent Crude 0.17 -0.74 -7.53 Gold (Up) Gold reached a record in early Asian trading on Wednesday, as traders digested the latest US economic data and weighed potential market disruption ahead of the looming presidential election. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.11 5.44 34.65 Silver 0.18 10.34 44.49 LME Commodities (Down) Except Aluminium, all other commodities price were trading lower in the early trade on Wednesday with Lead down over 1 percent, while Nickel shed nearly a percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 0.51 1.82 11.54 Copper -0.12 -3.04 11.35 Nickel -0.89 -9.37 -4.40 Lead -1.31 -4.39 -3.12 Zinc -0.54 1 17.46 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 548.69 crore on October 29, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 730.13 crore on the same day. 29th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -548.69 -88,595.62 -2,30,583.12 DII Net Flows 730.13 1,31,102.04 4,36,685.75 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Swiggy IPO: Swiggy sets price band of Rs 371-390 a share for IPO [/INST] The full article is as follows: Swiggy Ltd set a price band of Rs 371-390 a share for its initial public offering that will open for subscription on November 6 and close on November 8. The anchor book will open on November 5, basis of allotment and initiation of refunds will be on November 11, credit of equity shares will be on November 12 and the stock will list on exchanges on November 13. The IPO consists of a fresh issue of Rs 4,499 crore and an offer-for-sale of 17.5 crore by several existing shareholders and promoters. On the upper price band of the issue price, the OFS will be valued at Rs 6,828 crore. With this the total issue size will be around Rs 11,327.43 crore and the total mcap of the firm will be at around Rs 87,299 crore. The company, backed by several global and domestic institutional investors, has increased the fresh issue size from Rs 3,750 crore and reduced the offer-for-sale component from 18.5 crore shares earlier. Accel India, Apoletto Asia, Alpha Wave Ventures, Coatue PE Asia, DST EuroAsia, Elevation Capital, Inspired Elite Investments, MIH India Food Holdings, Norwest Venture Partners, and Tencent Cloud Europe will be the selling shareholders in the offer-for-sale of the professionally managed company. MIH India Food Holdings, an affiliate of Prosus, is the largest shareholder in Swiggy, holding a 30.93 percent stake, followed by SoftBank Group's SVF II SONGBIRD (DE) LLC, which holds a 7.75 percent stake. Accel India owns a 4.71 percent stake, and Tencent Cloud holds a 3.64 percent stake. Sriharsha Majety (Managing Director &amp;amp; Group CEO) and Lakshmi Nandan Reddy Obul (Wholetime Director - Head of Innovation), co-founders of the company, hold 5.36 percent and 1.75 percent stakes, respectively. The company will utilize Rs 1,343.5 crore out of net fresh issue proceeds for investment in its subsidiary Scootsy, and Rs 703.4 crore for investment in technology and cloud infrastructure. Furthermore, Rs 1,115.3 crore will be spent on brand marketing and business promotion expenses, with the remainder allocated for inorganic growth and general corporate purposes. On the financial front, the company has narrowed its loss for the fiscal year 2024 to Rs 2,350.2 crore, down from Rs 4,179.3 crore in the previous year, while revenue from operations increased significantly by 36 percent to Rs 11,247.4 crore, up from Rs 8,264.6 crore during the same period. For the quarter ended June 2024, the company reported a loss of Rs 611 crore, widening from a loss of Rs 564 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal year. However, revenue in this period surged by 35 percent to Rs 3,222.2 crore. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company, Citigroup Global Markets India, Jefferies India, Avendus Capital, JP Morgan India, BofA Securities India, and ICICI Securities are acting as merchant bankers for the issue.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Voltas, Marico, Torrent Pharma, Godavari Biorefineries, Sar Televenture, Kaynes Tech, Hitachi Energy in focus on Wednesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro, Tata Power, Dabur India, Biocon, Aditya Birla Capital, 3i Infotech, Aeroflex Industries, AGS Transact Technologies, AIA Engineering, Automotive Axles, DCM Shriram, Grindwell Norton, IRB Infrastructure Developers, KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration, The New India Assurance Company, Paisalo Digital, Procter &amp;amp; Gamble Hygiene &amp;amp; Health Care, Protean eGov Technologies, Prudent Corporate Advisory Services, Sterlite Technologies, and TTK Prestige will announce their September quarter earnings on October 30. Quarterly Earnings Marico Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 20.3% to Rs 433 crore Vs Rs 360 crore Revenue increases 7.6% to Rs 2,664 crore Vs Rs 2,476 crore EBITDA rises 5% to Rs 522 crore Vs Rs 497 crore Margin drops 50 bps to 19.6% Vs 20.1% Voltas Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 272.6% to Rs 132.8 crore Vs Rs 35.7 crore Revenue grows 14.2% to Rs 2,619.1 crore Vs Rs 2,292.8 crore EBITDA jumps 130.8% to Rs 162.2 crore Vs Rs 70.3 crore EBITDA margin expands 314 bps to 6.2% Vs 3.06% Profit plunges 60.3% to Rs 132.8 crore Vs Rs 335 crore (QoQ) Revenue tanks 46.8% to Rs 2,619.1 crore Vs Rs 4,921 crore (QoQ) Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceuticals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 16.1% to Rs 252.5 crore Vs Rs 217.5 crore Revenue increases 5.6% to Rs 1,010.8 crore Vs Rs 957 crore EBITDA rises 11.1% to Rs 321.7 crore Vs Rs 289.5 crore Margin expands 150 bps to 31.8% Vs 30.3% Company announces special interim dividend of Rs 12 per share Hitachi Energy India Q2 (YoY) Profit soars 111.4% to Rs 52.3 crore Vs Rs 24.7 crore Revenue grows 26.5% to Rs 1,553.7 crore Vs Rs 1,228 crore EBITDA jumps 68% to Rs 109.7 crore Vs Rs 65.3 crore Margin expands 174 bps to 7.06% Vs 5.32% Container Corporation of India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 0.6% to Rs 366.3 crore Vs Rs 368.5 crore Revenue rises 4.2% to Rs 2,287.8 crore Vs Rs 2,194.9 crore Exceptional loss at Rs 33.32 crore Vs Nil Prestige Estates Projects Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit sinks 77.4% to Rs 192.2 crore Vs Rs 850.9 crore Revenue rises 3% to Rs 2,304.4 crore Vs Rs 2,236.4 crore Other income plunges sharply to Rs 119.4 crore Vs Rs 1,019.6 crore Tax write-back at Rs 51.9 crore Vs tax expenses at Rs 256.4 crore Capri Global Capital Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 48.7% to Rs 97 crore Vs Rs 65.2 crore Net interest income grows 22.2% to Rs 305 crore Vs Rs 249.6 crore Redington Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 3.5% to Rs 292.9 crore Vs Rs 303.5 crore Revenue rises 12% to Rs 24,895.6 crore Vs Rs 22,220.2 crore Motisons Jewellers Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 100.6% to Rs 10.4 crore Vs Rs 5.2 crore Revenue grows 21.3% to Rs 109.3 crore Vs Rs 90.1 crore Honeywell Automation Q2 (YoY) Profit declines 5.6% to Rs 115.1 crore Vs Rs 121.9 crore Revenue slips 7.3% to Rs 1,023.9 crore Vs Rs 1,104.2 crore MTAR Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 8.2% to Rs 18.8 crore Vs Rs 20.5 crore Revenue grows 14% to Rs 190.2 crore Vs Rs 166.8 crore GHCL Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 8.4% to Rs 154.8 crore Vs Rs 142.8 crore Revenue falls 1.6% to Rs 792.8 crore Vs Rs 806.1 crore Other income rises to Rs 17.44 crore Vs Rs 10.56 crore Tax expenses drop to Rs 41.5 crore Vs Rs 48.62 crore Welspun Enterprises Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 7.7% to Rs 70.1 crore Vs Rs 65.1 crore Revenue jumps 22.1% to Rs 788.5 crore Vs Rs 645.7 crore Board appoints Abhishek Chaudhary as Chief Executive Officer of the company, effective November 4 Board approves acquisition of additional 9.99% equity stake in Welspun Michigan, from Patel Engineering Godrej Agrovet Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 7.8% to Rs 95.8 crore Vs Rs 103.9 crore Revenue declines 4.8% to Rs 2,448.8 crore Vs Rs 2,570.9 crore Linc Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 13.9% to Rs 8.8 crore Vs Rs 7.7 crore Revenue increases 2.6% to Rs 134.6 crore Vs Rs 131.2 crore Board approves stock split in 1:2 ratio Board approves 1:1 bonus issue Laxmi Organic Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 162.2% to Rs 28.1 crore Vs Rs 10.7 crore Revenue jumps 18.2% to Rs 771.3 crore Vs Rs 652.3 crore Laxmi Organic to set n-Butyl Acetate plant at Dehej, Gujarat and Ethyl Acetate plant at Lote, Maharashtra Kaynes Technology Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 86.4% to Rs 60.2 crore Vs Rs 32.3 crore Revenue surges 58.5% to Rs 572.1 crore Vs Rs 360.8 crore Stocks To Watch Torrent Pharmaceuticals Promoter Torrent Investments is likely to sell up to 2.9% of its stake in Torrent Pharma via block deals, reports CNBC-TV18, quoting sources. The floor price is set at Rs 3,022.71 per share, with a base size of the issue at Rs 2,500 crore and an upsize option of Rs 500 crore. Torrent Investments held a 71.25% stake in Torrent Pharma as of September 2024. Reliance Industries The company's subsidiary, Reliance New Energy, presently holds a 92.01% equity stake in Faradion. Reliance New Energy has acquired the remaining equity stake from the existing shareholders of Faradion on October 28. With this acquisition, Faradion has now become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reliance New Energy. RITES The transport infrastructure consultancy has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with SAIL-Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL-BSL), under the Ministry of Steel, to collaborate on project management consultancy for rail connectivity works. These consultancy works involve both existing and new railway tracks across various sites within the Bokaro Steel Plant in Jharkhand. Fortis Healthcare The company has received approval from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) for the acquisition of the entire stake held by the International Finance Corporation, NYLIM Jacob Ballas India Fund III LLC, and Resurgence PE Investments in Agilus Diagnostics. Agilus is a material subsidiary of the company. Sar Televenture The Board has given its approval for the company to acquire a 91% stake in Tikona Infinet from the existing shareholders for Rs 669.04 crore. The amount will be paid via a cash payout of Rs 374.85 crore and a share swap of Rs 294.19 crore. Tikona provides wireless broadband services for home and enterprise customers in India. Bulk Deals Ideaforge Technology Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius sold a 0.53% stake in Ideaforge at an average price of Rs 555.35 per share. Jyoti Structures Foreign company Aion Jyoti LLC sold a 0.58% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 34.72 per share. Block Deals PNB Housing Finance HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company acquired a 0.38% stake in PNB Housing from Asia Opportunities V (Mauritius) at an average price of Rs 900 per share, valued at Rs 90 crore. Mainboard Listing on October 30 Godavari Biorefineries Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, CRISIL, Gabriel India, Supreme Industries, India Grid Trust, Anzen India Energy Yield Plus Trust, Mindspace Business Parks REIT Stock Trades Ex-Date for Ex-Split Master Trust Stock Trades Ex-Date for Rights Asian Petroproducts &amp;amp; Exports F&amp;amp;O Ban IDFC First Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Bharti Airtel, MCX India, BSE, Bharat Electronics, LIC, Trent and others on Wednesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices continued their upward journey for the second straight session on October 29, rising half a percent with positive market breadth. About 1,520 shares advanced against 980 declining shares on the NSE. The market may consolidate until decisively climbing above short-term moving averages in the upcoming sessions. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Ashish Kyal, CMT, Founder and CEO at Waves Strategy Advisors Multi Commodity Exchange of India | CMP: Rs 6,824.75 Since the past two trading sessions, MCX India has rallied by more than 5 percent, suggesting increasing buying interest in the stock. MCX has managed to outperform despite major indices falling. On the daily chart, prices are moving up in a higher high and higher lows structure, which keeps the overall tone positive. The RSI (Relative Strength Index) is trading near the overbought zone, so one should use a buy-on-dips approach to ride the trend. In summary, the current trend for MCX is bullish. Use dips as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 6,950, followed by Rs 7,100. On the downside, Rs 6,540 is the crucial support level. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,950, Rs 7,100 Support: Rs 6,540 Bharat Electronics | CMP: Rs 283.65 In the previous session, BEL closed above the previous day’s high and gained more than 5 percent in a single day. Prices reversed from the channel support and completed their journey toward the upper end of the channel. A decisive break above it can confirm that the trend has shifted to the positive side. Additionally, the MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) indicator is about to give a bullish crossover. A follow-up action can confirm the crossover, which can result in a fresh rise in the stock. In summary, BEL showed a sharp rally in the previous session. A break above Rs 285 can confirm a trend reversal, which can lift prices higher towards Rs 300, followed by Rs 315, as long as the Rs 270 level holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 300, Rs 315 Stop-Loss: Rs 270 SJS Enterprises | CMP: Rs 1,149.8 SJS Enterprises showed a sharp rally in the previous session of 11 percent in a single trading day! The stock has formed a rounding bottom pattern. The price has closed above Rs 1,140, confirming the breakout of the said pattern. On the daily chart, the ADX (Average Directional Index) suggests strong momentum can continue in this stock, showing readings of 26.47, which is above 25. After the sharp rally, one should use a buy-on-dips approach to ride the trend. In summary, the current trend for SJS is positive. Use dips towards Rs 1,130-1,140 as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 1,210-1,230, as long as Rs 1,100 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,210, Rs 1,230 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,100 Om Mehra, Technical analyst at Samco Securities Max Healthcare Institute | CMP: Rs 994.5 Max Healthcare Institute has recently broken out from a consolidation range, displaying strength as it trades above its 50-day simple moving average. The daily RSI at 60 indicates that the stock is entering a bullish zone, supported by growing buying momentum. Furthermore, the stock’s breakout above horizontal resistance, accompanied by a noticeable increase in volume, strengthens the bullish outlook. Max Healthcare is also trading above its 100-day moving average, indicating a positive alignment with medium- to long-term trends. Hence, based on the technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,090 Stop-Loss: Rs 945 BSE | CMP: Rs 4,284 After a significant correction, BSE has consolidated and formed a strong base around the Rs 4,200 level. The daily RSI stands at 55, indicating healthy momentum, while the double bottom formation adds further strength to the stock’s recovery potential. Trading above both its 9 and 20-day moving averages suggests a sustained uptrend. Moreover, elevated delivery volumes in the past two sessions highlight increased investor interest and possible accumulation at current levels, strengthening a positive outlook. Hence, based on the technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,850 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,900 Life Insurance Corporation of India | CMP: Rs 934.4 Life Insurance Corporation has formed a strong base around the Rs 900 level. LIC has shown signs of a potential rebound, with the stock recently bouncing off its lower Bollinger Band. The RSI has begun to recover from oversold territory, indicating a shift in sentiment as buying momentum picks up. Additionally, there has been a slight uptick in volume, supporting a short-term rally. Hence, based on the technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,040 Stop-Loss: Rs 885 Riyank Arora, Technical Analyst at Mehta Equities Bharti Airtel | CMP: Rs 1,637 Bharti Airtel has recently touched its immediate support level at Rs 1,630, showing significant lower-level rejection wicks, which signal strong buying interest. With the RSI (14) around 40 and gradually declining, this wick rejection is expected to renew buying momentum, potentially driving the stock towards Rs 1,700 and higher. A strict stop-loss at Rs 1,610 is recommended to effectively manage risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,700 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,610 Aditya Birla Capital | CMP: Rs 204.51 Aditya Birla Capital is trading near a key support level of Rs 199, which has demonstrated resilience in recent sessions. A rebound from this level suggests a possible uptrend as buying interest strengthens. With the RSI (14) around 34 and beginning to trend upward, the stock could advance to Rs 215. Implementing a strict stop-loss at Rs 199 is recommended to mitigate potential downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 215 Stop-Loss: Rs 199 Trent | CMP: Rs 7,410 Trent is exhibiting strong bullish momentum, maintaining support above Rs 7,150, which underscores a positive trend. Recent price action shows increased buyer confidence, while the RSI (14) supports a bullish stance near 45. Provided this momentum continues, the stock is positioned to reach Rs 7,800. A strict stop-loss at Rs 7,150 is suggested to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,800 Stop-Loss: Rs 7,150 Dr Reddy's Laboratories | CMP: Rs 1,274.7 Dr Reddy's Laboratories has broken through a critical support level of Rs 1,297.15, closing below this mark—a signal of potential downside continuation. The technical structure appears bearish, with increasing volumes and an RSI indicating a downtrend. With these factors in play, the stock is expected to target levels around Rs 1,200. A stop-loss at Rs 1,300 is advisable to control risk. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 1,200 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,300. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Block deals: Pidilite Industries' promoters sell 11.1% of their stake [/INST] The full article is as follows: Pidilite Industries' promoter Apurva Narendrakumar Parekh sold 150,000 shares, or 4.8 percent of her total holding, at a price of Rs 3,170.00 per share. Furthermore, another promoter, Purvee Apurva Parekh, sold 50,000 shares, or 6.3 percent of her total holding in the company, at Rs 3,170.00 per share. Meanwhile, Parkem Dyes &amp;amp; Chemicals Pvt Ltd purchased 200,000 shares, or 0.03 percent of Pidilite Industries, at the same price of Rs 3,170.00 per share. Shares of Pidilite Industries closed at Rs 3,108 per share after falling by 1.66 percent. HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co Ltd purchased 1,000,031 shares, or 0.38 percent of PNB Housing, at a price of Rs 900.00 per share. On the same day, Asia Opportunities V (Mauritius) Limited sold an identical quantity of 1,000,031 shares, or 0.38 percent of PNB Housing, at the same price of Rs 900.00 per share. Shares of PNB Housing Finance saw a gain of 2.33 percent on October 29, closing at Rs 922.80 per share. Bulk deals On October 29, Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius Pvt Ltd sold 226,251 shares of Ideaforge Technology Ltd at Rs 555.35 per share. AION Jyoti LLC sold 5,137,879 shares of Jyoti Structures Ltd at Rs 34.72 per share. Ramco Management Private Limited purchased 10,700,000 shares of Ramco Industries Ltd at Rs 232.05 per share. Rajapalayam Mills Ltd also bought 3,391,500 shares of Ramco Industries Ltd at the same price of Rs 232.05 per share. Meanwhile, The Ramco Cements Limited sold 14,091,500 shares of Ramco Industries Ltd at Rs 232.05 per share. Bholaram Agarwal sold 148,514 shares of Sah Polymers Limited at Rs 105.31 per share. Atyant Capital India Fund I acquired 200,000 shares of Sasken Technologies Ltd at Rs 1,664.17 per share, while Vanderbilt University sold 200,000 shares of Sasken Technologies Ltd at Rs 1,663.50 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: In charts: How 'fair' really are Indian stock market valuations? [/INST] The full article is as follows: Despite a year of record highs, benchmarks Nifty and Sensex have hit a rough patch. What's fueling the unease? It’s more than just foreign triggers — analysts are treading carefully, with concerns over high valuations and mixed signals from both domestic and global fronts. A robust 24 percent earnings growth in Nifty 50 stocks from FY21 to FY24, along with a surge in retail investor activity—both through direct equities and SIPs in mutual funds and insurance—has driven the stock to overwhelming heights, leading investors to question inflated valuations. Also read: As Samvat 2081 kicks off, discover the sectors that remain undervalued But how 'fair' really are Indian market valuations? Mid- and small-caps continue to be frothy, and Nifty's price to earnings, or P/E, at 23.5x, is above the historical averages, as the index has risen faster than earnings growth. Ace Equities data shows that the Nifty is trading at a P/E ratio of 24x, which is above the 10-year historical average, while 10-year annualised return is just 12 percent against the over-20 percent returns of the previous market peaks. If earnings fail to catch up, the market could face correction risks in the medium term. Also read: Diwali 2024: Tepid returns, higher volatility expected as multiple concerns loom this Samvat 2081 Furthermore, Bloomberg data suggests that India’s valuation ranks among the highest globally (at 20.7x), yet its dollar returns over the past year lag behind other major markets. Across the board, only US, albeit slightly, has a higher P/E of 22. Kotak Institutional Equities highlights a broad-based slowdown among Indian companies, with results falling short of even modest expectations on net sales, EBITDA, and net profits. Consumer firms posted weak volumes, pointing to subdued demand. IT companies reported lacklustre results, with cautious commentary indicating a gradual recovery. Banks, however, showed moderate year-on-year credit growth with stable NIMs and asset quality. Moreover, valuations in the consumption, investment, and outsourcing sectors are notably high, both on an absolute and relative basis. Moreover, they overlook emerging risks to profitability and volume expectations across these sectors. However, even as the weak sentiment could linger for a while, not all pockets seem to be pricey. For instance, Nifty Auto presents attractive valuation opportunities for investors, currently trading below its historical averages with a one-year forward price-to-earnings (PE) ratio of 27x, compared to its historical average of 35x, data showed. Furthermore, the metal sector is trading at relatively low valuations compared to its historical average, weighed down by global headwinds such as sluggish demand and an influx of low-cost Chinese inventory over the past two years. Currently, the sectoral index trades at a one-year forward PE ratio of 19x, below its historical average of 22x.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Manish Chokhani on the five key risks he sees for the Indian market [/INST] The full article is as follows: According to Enam Holdings' Manish Chokhani, there are five primary risks that he sees going ahead. In a conversation with Moneycontrol, he said the first major risk is debt. &quot;If your debt is 300 percent of GDP and you’re paying even 3% on it, that’s 9%,&quot; he explained. &quot;If you're growing at 4%, your debt is compounding at a rate there’s no way you can service.&quot; Developed nations are also grappling with unfunded pension and healthcare liabilities, and rising defense spending, driven by situations such as aid to Ukraine. “That debt event is imminent,” he warned. The second risk is geopolitical tension, particularly with major global powers competing for dominance. &quot;The US-China fight is a real problem for the world,” he noted and added that two camps have happened. He noted that there have been divisions occurring within countries and pointed to internal fractures in developed nations. &quot;They are fractured societies. What if you have an Arab Spring or a Bangladesh-type situation in one of these countries?&quot; Climate change poses a third significant threat, which he says could impact infrastructure and business operations. &quot;If Bangalore can get flooded and you’re thinking of commuting, and you can’t even work from home, what happens to you?&quot; he asked. Fourth is the transformative disruption from technology, which could reshape critical sectors like IT and pharmaceuticals. &quot;If the world’s going to be AI-enabled in the next four or five years, what does it means for our IT space, our GCC space, what does biotech mean for our entire pharmaceutical space?&quot; he questioned. He added that there is a need for India to act promptly. &quot;What India would look like five years from now, we should be thinking about today and making those investments,&quot; he said. Finally, the fifth risk he noted was the lack of strong global brands. This, he believes remains a barrier to India’s growth on the world stage. “How many Indian brands can you think which travel well globally?” he asked and added that while companies like Tata and Bajaj are recognisable, India lacks the global brand presence seen with Japan, Germany, or China. &quot;If a country rises...the brands and products go global, and we are still far away from that.&quot; On the geopolitical front,Chokhani added there is no real fight between India and China adding that India could supply labour and products to address declining demographics worldwide. But geopolitical barriers hinder this, leading to inflation and a destructive shift from financial assets to hard assets. Despite these global risks, he remains optimistic about India’s position. &quot;India is positioned so well—we're not actually enemies with anyone,&quot; he said adding that he remains very hopeful that capital will find its way here and &quot;we will use it very, very productively&quot;.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Nifty closes above 24,450, Sensex up 364 points; mid-, small-caps shine [/INST] The full article is as follows: In a volatile session, the Indian benchmark indices extended the gains on second straight session on October 29 with Nifty closing above 24,450, led by realty and financial stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 363.99 points or 0.45 percent at 80,369.03, and the Nifty was up 127.60 points or 0.52 percent at 24,466.80. Market opened flat amid mixed global cues, but traded in negative territory in the first half. However, mid-session recovery helped indices to close near the day’s high. Also Read - L&amp;amp;T Q2 Preview: Lower operating profit, margins, muted ordering to dent earnings SBI, Bharat Electronics, SBI Life Insurance, HDFC Life, ICICI Bank were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers included Tata Motors, Dr Reddy's Labs, Maruti Suzuki, Hero MotoCorp and Bajaj Auto. BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rose 0.7 percent each. On the sectoral front, bank, realty, power, capital goods were up 1-2 percent, while pharma, IT and auto down 0.5-1 percent. More than 130 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, AMI Organics, Anup Engineering, CARE Ratings, CarTrade Tech, City Union Bank, Deepak Fertiliers, Gillette India, Indigo Paints, Krsnaa Diagnostics, MCX India, Piramal Pharma, Sharda Crop, SJS Enterprises, Thyrocare Technologies, Wockhardt, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 30 Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened flat today and after the initial bout of volatility it traded with a positive bias to close the day with gains of ~128 points. On the daily charts we can observe that the Nifty has found buying interest from support zone of 78.6% Fibonacci retracement level 24170 and started the next leg of upmove. The upmove is likely to continue towards 24563 - 24823 which are the Fibonacci extension targets. The hourly momentum indicator has triggered a positive crossover and there is a high probability that the countertrend pullback rally which started can continue over the next few trading sessions. Bank Nifty opened gap up and witnessed positive price action during the day to close with gains of ~1061 points. We expect the Bank Nifty to continue with the positive momentum towards 52600 – 52800 from short term perspective. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares Indian bourses have witnessed a complete reversal in today's trade as Nifty50 started the day on a tepid note and weakness in the Mid and Smallcap counters put further pressure on the Index to trade lower. In the 2nd half of the trading session, the turnaround was seen across the board which supported the Index to recover all its losses to end the day at 24,466.85 with gains of 127.70 points. On the sector-wise performance, Banking indices were top gainers followed by Realty whereas Auto and Pharma corrected the most. Mid and Small Caps outperformed the Frontline Index. The Index has formed a bullish candle and is on the verge of giving a breakout from a Falling Wedge formation while the leading indicator RSI has given a positive crossover suggesting a trend reversal. A level of 24,570 will be considered a breakout point while the Index managed to defend yesterday's low of 24,140 which will serve as immediate support.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 29 [/INST] The full article is as follows: On October 29, the Sensex and Nifty bounced back in the latter half of the trading session, finishing higher thanks to gains in financial and construction stocks. In contrast, the auto, IT, and pharma sectors faced selling pressure. At close, the Sensex was up 363.99 points or 0.45 percent at 80,369.03, and the Nifty was up 127.60 points or 0.52 percent at 24,466.80. About 2,171 shares rose, 1,533 fell, and 121 remained unchanged. Kalpataru Projects International | CMP: Rs 1,259 | Shares soared 7 percent, buoyed by the company's strong earnings for the September quarter. Aided by its robust order book, the company's net profit surged close to 40 percent on year to Rs 125.6 crore for the July-September quarter while revenue grew 9.1 percent to Rs 4,930 crore. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 6.9 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 5.3 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. JSW Infrastructure | CMP: Rs 316.05 | Shares soared as much as 10 percent after the company reported an impressive set of earnings for the July-September quarter. The company's net profit surged 46 percent on year to Rs 372 crore in Q2, up from Rs 254.4 crore in the year ago period. Revenue from operations climbed 18 percent to Rs 1,001.4 crore, up from Rs 848.3 crore in Q2 of the previous fiscal. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 67.5 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 53.8 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. Bharat Electronics | CMP: Rs 283.40 | Shares surged 5 percent after the defence and aerospace company's fiscal second-quarter earnings beat Street estimates, driven by better-than-expected margin performance. BEL posted a standalone net profit of Rs 1,091.27 crore in Q2FY25, a 34 percent on-year. Revenue from operations rose 14.8 percent YoY to Rs 4,583.41 crore, led by a strong order book. The company reported an EBITDA of Rs 1,399 crore with a margin of 30.4 percent. Gillette India | CMP: Rs 9,399 | Shares soared over 10 percent after the grooming products maker reported a 43.5 percent rise in net profit to Rs 133.01 crore for the quarter ended September 2024, led by a broad-based growth. The company's revenue from operations increased 17.11 per cent YoY to Rs 781.82 crore. &quot;The growth has been broad-based amidst continuing green shoots in rural markets,&quot; the company said in its statement. Gillette India's total expenses rose 11 percent in the July-September quarter to Rs 611.62 crore. Spandana Sphoorty | CMP: Rs 377.90 | Shares plunged 18 percent after the microfinance (MFI) lender reported a net loss of Rs 204 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net profit of Rs 116 crore in the year-ago period. Nuvama Institutional Equities has cut its target price on Spandana Sphoorty stock by 42 percent to Rs 520 from Rs 900 earlier, citing MFI stress that is likely to continue in in the current quarter with respite likely only in Q4FY25. Suzlon Energy | CMP: Rs 68.90 | Shares fell 3 percent following its earnings results for the quarter ended September. Suzlon Energy reported 96% jump in net profit at Rs 201 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 due to record order wins and robust margins. The renewable energy firm said its revenue rose 48% to Rs 2,093 crore in Q2FY25. The company said its EBITDA rose 31% to Rs 294 crore and order book was at all‐time high 5.1 GW including &quot;India’s largest wind order from NTPC&quot;. But EBITDA margin declined to 14.1 per cent from 15.9 per cent in the same quarter last year. J.Kumar Infraprojects | CMP: Rs 750.55 | Shares rose 4 percent following the company's strong quarterly earnings for Q2FY25. The consolidated net profit increased by 23 percent year-on-year to Rs 90.2 crore, while revenue from operations rose 17 percent to Rs 1,292 crore. The company reported an 18 percent year-on-year increase in EBITDA to Rs 188 crore, with EBIT rising 26 percent to Rs 155 crore. J.Kumar Infra's debt-to-equity ratio remains manageable at 0.28x as of September 30. Ola Electric | CMP: Rs 76.64 | Shares of the recently listed firm fell over 2 percent to slip below their IPO price, for the first time ever since its listing. The stock has declined in three out of the last four trading sessions and in eight out of the last 11 trading sessions. Ami Organics | CMP: Rs 1,810 | Shares of the company zoomed over 12 percent after reporting its September quarter results. The stock witnessed buying interest after the company registered a profit in the second quarter of FY25, compared to a loss in Q2 of FY24. Federal Bank | CMP: Rs 200.80 | The stock jumped over 8 percent after the private lender surged 11 percent on-year to Rs 991 crore. Total income also increased to Rs 7,541 crore in Q2FY25, compared to Rs 6,186 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy V2 Retail; target of Rs 1445: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on V2 Retail V2 Retail’s (V2R’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were a mixed bag, with revenues growing strongly by 64% y-o-y while EBIDTA margins lagged expectation at 8.7% (flat y-o-y) due to lower gross margins and higher employee cost.Same-store-sales-growth (SSSG) stood at 34% in Q2FY2025 (~36% in H1FY25). Strong festive and winter season will drive double-digit SSSG in H2 (Q3 is expected to be stronger).The company targets to open 60 stores in FY2025 (has guided for opening 40 stores in H2FY2025). Net addition of 22 stores was done in H1FY2025. Outlook Stock trades at 20x, 13x and 9x its FY25E, FY26E and FY27E EV/EBIDTA, respectively. We stay Positive on the stock maintaining price target at Rs. 1,445. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Torrent Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 4232: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Torrent Pharmaceuticals Torrent’s revenue reached Rs. 2,889 crore, reflecting a 9% y-o-y increase and a 1% q-o-q rise, driven by growth in key geographies. EBITDA stood at Rs. 939 crore, up 14% y-o-y and 4% q-o-q. Margins reached 33%, up 149 bps y-o-y and 88 bps q-o-q.Insulin revenue during the quarter was affected by a scheduled maintenance shutdown in August. The facility is expected to resume manufacturing in December. The shortfall is anticipated to be largely recovered in the fourth quarter of this year, ensuring that there will be no impact on an annual basis. Outlook A healthy product mix is expected to result in a 50-100 bps increase in margins annually. At the CMP, the stock trades at a valuation of 45x and 36x its FY2026E and FY2027E earnings, respectively, and due to its high-margin profile and healthy product mix, we arrive at a TP of Rs. 4,232. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Transport Corporation of India; target of Rs 1400: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Transport Corporation of India TCI reported marginally higher-than-expected consolidated revenue, led by strong growth in Seaways and sustained growth in SCM and JVs. OPM stayed in-line, while net profit beat estimates.Management has retained its overall topline and bottom-line growth guidance of 10-15% y-o-y for FY2025, while it may end at a higher end of the growth guidance on net profit. The company would be incurring Rs. 300-350 crore capex in FY2025, including for new ship acquisition. Outlook We retain BUY on TCI with an unchanged SOTP-based PT of Rs. 1,400, considering its sustained healthy earnings growth trajectory over the next 2-3 years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Radico Khaitan; target of Rs 2644: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Radico Khaitan Radico Khaitan Limited’s (RKL’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were strong beating estimates on all fronts, with net revenues rising by 21% y-o-y and OPM improving 152 bps y-o-y to 14.6%, leading to 33% y-o-y growth in PAT.Prestige &amp;amp; Above (P&amp;amp;A) brands posted 13% y-o-y volume growth (15th consecutive month of double-digit volume growth). With H2 expected to be good for premium segment, RKL has maintained 15-18% volume growth guidance for the P&amp;amp;A segment in FY2025.Management expects prices of grain, maize and rice to soften in the coming months, while glass bottle prices are likely to remain stable. Company aims for late-teens OPM in three years. Outlook Stock trades at 75x/56x/44x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E earnings, respectively. We retain a Buy on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 2,644. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1500: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on ICICI Bank Core operating profits grew by 12% y-o-y /4% q-o-q (better than estimates) led by better loan growth, strong fee income and contained opex growth. Credit cost stayed lower at 39 bps annualised vs 44 bps q-o-q and 21 bps y-o-y resulting in steady RoA at 2.4%. Bank is reasonably confident of reporting a 40-50 bps credit cost on an overall basis as risk is still within internal estimates despite increase in delinquencies and credit costs in unsecured retail segment in the last 3-4 quarters, resulting in stable asset quality. NIMs declined by 9 bps q-o-q to 4.27% (on expected lines). NIMs are expected to be stable in H2 vs H1 untill rate cut cycle starts. Loans and deposit growth was healthy at ~15% y-o-y/16% y-o-y respectively. Outlook The bank is relatively well-positioned as it continues to outperform peers on most of the parameters exhibiting strong franchise strength and thus current valuation premium to peers is likely to sustain. We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 1,500. Stock trades at 2.6x/2.2x its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dixon Technologies; target of Rs 16800: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Dixon Technologies Overall revenue growth of 133% was led by strong performance in mobiles &amp;amp; EMS (235%), home appliances (22%) and Lightning products (29%) division. Operating profits were higher by 114% to Rs 426 crore, with OPM falling 33 bps. OPM declined on higher contribution from low-margin Mobile &amp;amp; EMS segments. Consolidated Adjusted PAT grew by 78% led by growth in revenues. Expect the mobile &amp;amp; EMS division to sustain high growth momentum for FY2026-27 on the base of strong orders from existing clients, new client onboarding. Lighting remains affected by price erosion and market shrinkage. Outlook We upgrade Dixon Technologies to Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 16,800 factoring in strong revenue/PAT CAGR of 66%/84% over FY24-FY27E. Stock currently trades at 62x/40x its FY206E/FY2027E earnings, respectively. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coromandel International; target of Rs 1917: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Coromandel International Revenues reached Rs. 7,433 crore, rising by 6% y-o-y and by 57% q-o-q, primarily driven by higher volumes of primary sales.Operating profit stood at Rs. 975 crore, down 8% y-o-y but up 93% q-o-q, despite lower subsidy rates and rising raw material prices.The board’s approval for establishing a new Multi-Product Plant aligns with the company’s growth aspirations in the crop protection sector. Outlook We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 1,917, backed by backward integration and foray in the specialty chemical/CDMO business. At CMP, the stock trades at a valuation of 24x/19x to its FY26E/FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 310: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bank of Baroda Earnings significantly above estimates, grew by 23% y-o-y mainly driven by higher recoveries from written off accounts leading to higher RoA at 1.3%. Sustainable RoA trajectory remains at 1-1.1% for the bank.Total provisions were higher than expected led by higher standard asset provisioning and contingent provisions created. Core credit costs stood lower at 65 bps annualised vs 48 bps q-o-q and 93 bps y-o-y. Slippages were lower at 1.2% vs 1.3% q-o-q.NIMs fell by 8 bps q-o-q on expected lines to 3.1%. Loan growth picked up, grew by 12% y-o-y/ 7% q-o-q while deposits grew by 9% y-o-y/ 4% q-o-q. The bank has lowered down its guidance on loan growth marginally for FY25E citing lower deposit accretion although upside risk to guidance persist. Credit-deposit ratio stood at 82% versus 80% q-o-q. Outlook We maintain Buy with an unchanged PT of Rs. 310. At CMP, the stock trades at 1.0x/0.8x its FY25E/26E ABV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Lifespace Developers; target of Rs 644: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Mahindra Lifespace Developers MLDL reported weak residential sales bookings, while collections remained healthy. The IC&amp;amp;IC business leasing remained healthy. Consolidated earnings lagged estimates owing to lower revenue bookings. Launch pipeline remains strong for H2FY2025 to maintain pre-sales growth trajectory. Business development pipeline targeted to cross Rs. 4400 crore achieved in FY2024. It is mulling equity platform having Rs. 2000-3000 crore size and equitable ownership. Focus to stay on mid-premium and premium projects. Outlook We retain a Buy on Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited (MLDL) with a revised PT of Rs. 644, removing NAV premium due to slower-than-anticipated new project additions and higher leverage. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Welspun Living; target of Rs 189: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Welspun Living Welspun Living Limited’s (WLL’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were mixed, with revenue beating estimates and growing by 14.5% y-o-y to Rs. 2,873 crore, while EBITDA margin fell by 182 bps y-o-y to 12.4% and missed the mark. PAT stood flat y-o-y at Rs. 202 crore. Management is positive on demand outlook for the coming quarters and has maintained revenue guidance at 10-15% for FY2025 and for EBITDA margins (including other income) at 15-15.5%. WLL eyes revenue of Rs. 15,000 crore by FY2027. Board has approved phase-2 of capex of Rs. 709 crore to be incurred over FY2026-27 for home textile business to be funded by mix of internal accruals and debt. Net debt likely to reduce to Rs. 0-200 crore by FY2028 from Rs. 1,400-1,500 crore at FY2025-end. Outlook Stock trades at 20x/16x/14x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E earnings, respectively. We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 189. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coal India; target of Rs 560: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Coal India Company reported a Revenue of Rs. 30,673 crore (down 6.4% y-o-y). Volume offtake decreased 3.5%% y-o-y while the blended realizations fell 5.8% y-o-y. Both the segments, FSA and e-auction witnessed a volume and pricing decline. Adj. operating profit of Rs. 7,154 crore was down 19.6% y-o-y. Margins of 23.3% declined 381 bps y-o-y and they were impacted by higher other expenses. Consequently, consolidated PAT of Rs. 6,289 crore was down 22% y-o-y and 23% below of our estimates. CIL has strong growth levers – 1) The strong volume growth outlook and resulting operating leverage and 2) potential hike in FSA coal realizations. The coal volumes are expected to improve at around 8% CAGR for the next few years given the strong outlook for the power sector. Outlook Valuation of 7x/6.7x its FY26/FY27 EPS estimates is attractive, and the stock offers a high dividend yield of ~5-6%. Hence, we maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 560 (cut in estimate and TP because of the soft quarter). Potential stake sale in Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) and subsequent listing would unlock value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy NTPC; target of Rs 460: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on NTPC Q2FY25 standalone PAT was up 19.7% y-o-y to Rs. 4,649 crore with the regulated equity base growing 7.7% y-o-y to Rs. 89,430 crore. Consolidated PAT of Rs. 5,274 crore was up 14% y-o-y.NTPC plans to tender 13.6 GW of thermal capacities in the next 2-3 years apart from under-construction thermal capacities of 11.2 GW. Renewable energy capacity target remains strong at 20 GW by FY27 and 60GW by FY32.We believe that addition of thermal power capacities would drive regulated equity base and provides earnings growth visibility. Moreover, focus on ramping up of Renewable energy portfolio and its impending IPO (by Q3 end) could help unlock value. Outlook We maintain a Buy on NTPC with an unchanged PT of Rs. 460. Valuation of 2.2x/2x FY26E/FY27E P/BV are reasonable given strong long-term growth prospects, and the stock offers a decent dividend yield as well. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sun Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 2264: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Sun Pharmaceuticals Sun Pharmaceutical Industries reported a revenue of ₹13,291 crore for the quarter, reflecting a 9% year-over-year increase and a 5% rise quarter-over-quarter. This figure surpassed our estimates by 2%, despite experiencing price reductions in Taro’s portfolio and in Japan. The EBITDA for this period reached ₹3,939 crore, demonstrating a strong year-over-year growth of 24% and a sequential increase of 9%. This result exceeded our forecasts by 12%, primarily driven by higher sales volumes and lower raw material costs. The company’s margins stood at 30%, an increase of 356 basis points year-over-year and 112 basis points quarter-over-quarter, surpassing our expectations by 264 basis points, largely due to the exceptional performance of its specialty portfolio. Additionally, the PAT was reported at ₹3,031 crore, representing a 26% increase year-over-year and a 6% increase quarter-over-quarter. Outlook Sun’s India business is expected to outperform IPM through volume growth and new product launches followed by sustainable growth in the specialty business. Hence, we maintain a Buy on the stock. The Stock trades at 38x/~33x its FY2026E/FY2027E EPS. Due to higher margins driven by India and the specialty business, we would like to maintain our PT of Rs. 2264. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 380: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bharat Electronics Revenues grew by 14.9% y-o-y to Rs. 4,605 crore with margins expansion of 510 bps y-o-y. Results outperformed expectations on margin front. Higher revenue and margin led to PAT growth of 38% y-o-y to Rs. 1092 crore. Revenue growth guidance is at 15% and OPM at 23-25% for FY2025. Order inflows stood at Rs. 2,600 crore, taking the total order book to Rs. 74595 crore. The strong order book currently stands at 3.6x TTM sales. BEL has guided for order inflows of Rs. 25,000 crore for FY2025 and FY2026, excluding QRSAM orders. Cumulative order inflows for FY2026-FY2027 are expected to be at ~Rs. 75,000 crore (inc QRSAM orders). BEL boasts a promising order inflow pipeline, strong cash balance, and healthy return ratios. A strong Q2 makes us factor in estimates of 16%/16% revenue / PAT CAGR for FY24-27, respectively. Outlook Hence, we retain our Buy rating on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 380. At the CMP, the stock trades at 49x/41x its FY2025/FY2026 earnings estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 1050: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Can Fin Homes Can Fin Homes reported a strong performance in Q2FY2025. Earnings were in line with estimates, mainly led by lower-than-expected credit cost and improvement in NIM. Business momentum remained strong, as disbursements were up 17.9% y-o-y/28.8% q-o-q due to higher sanctions and demand across geographies, barring a couple of states. AUM growth stood at 9.7% y-o-y and 2.9% q-o-q. Asset-quality trends also improved on a sequential basis to 0.88% during the quarter, further likely to improve for FY2025 and FY2026. Credit cost reduced to 15 bps (AUM) in Q2FY2025 from 28 bps in Q1FY2025 and 87 bps in Q2FY2024. Outlook We maintain BUY with an unchanged PT of Rs. 1,050. The stock trades at 2.2x/1.9x/1.6x/1.6x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E ABV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate South Indian Bank; target of Rs 27: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on South Indian Bank South Indian Bank (SIB), is a private sector bank headquartered in Kerala. The bank has 955 branches, with majority of them in South India. Currently, the bank has a loan book size of Rs.84,714cr and a deposit base of Rs.105,451cr. In Q2FY25, the bank reports a 11%YoY growth in interest income to Rs. 2354.7cr, driven by 10.5%YoY growth in interest from loans. Advances increased by 13% YoY during Q2FY25, driven by strong disbursements in personal loan book. Moreover, the corporate and personal loan books reported a 22.2% YoY and 22.9% YoY, growth, respectively. PAT grew by 18.2%YoY, aided by strong growth in fee income and lower provisions. Additionally, NIM stabilized at 3.2% as stress from the cost of deposits was passed on. Asset quality improved, with GNPA/NNPA at 4.4%/1.3%. The Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR) increased to 80.7% compared to 77.8% in Q2FY24. With stress from legacy books decreasing, the focus now shifts to profitability. We expect the bank to deliver ~1% ROA in the medium term. Outlook As a result, we remain optimistic about the company’s long-term growth and reiterate our Accumulate rating. However, since a moderation in advance growth is anticipated, we revise our target price to Rs.27 based on 0.63x FY26E BVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Avenue Supermarts; target of Rs 4471: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Avenue Supermarts Avenue Supermarts Ltd. (DMart) owns &amp;amp; operates India’s most profitable supermarket chain, DMart. It provides products like food, non-food (FMCG), general merchandise &amp;amp; apparel through 377 stores (total 15.8mn sq. ft). Revenue grew by 14%YoY, while gross margin improved by 20bpsYoY to 14.2% due to an improved product mix. Like-for like growth (for stores operational for at least 24months) declined to 5.5% from 8.6% YoY. EBITDA grew by 10%YoY as EBITDA margin declined by 30bps YoY to 7.9% due to higher employee costs and other expenses. General merchandise &amp;amp; apparel category mix which commands a higher margin has improved to 23.45% in H1FY25 vs. 23.21% YoY. The upcoming festive season is expected to support further improvement in the mix. DMart added 12 stores in H1FY25 vs. 12 YoY (41 stores in FY24), which, along with the likely improvement in demand, will aid improvement in topline growth. DMart is gradually improving its E-Com business channel, ‘DMart Ready’, currently available in ~24 cities, which now contributes ~2.7% of total revenue. DMart Ready business grew by 21.8% YoY in H125. Outlook DMart currently trades at 71x 1Yr Fwd PE. We revised our target to Rs.4,471 (earlier Rs. 5,310) by valuing on a DCF basis which implies 64x on Sept 2026 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Federal Bank; target of Rs 225: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Federal Bank Federal Bank reported an 11% y-o-y growth in earnings aided by 18% y-o-y growth in operating profits and a rise in provisions on very low base. The bank managed to report RoA/RoE at ~1.3%/ ~13.7%. Core credit cost stayed lower, within the guided range at 30 bps annualised for the quarter vs 27 bps q-o-q and 13 bps y-o-y. Asset quality remained broadly stable. Net slippages were lower at 0.3% annualised vs 0.5% q-o-q. Core PPoP (ex-treasury gains) grew by 13% y-o-y. NIMs were marginally lower by 4 bps q-o-q at 3.12%. Loan growth was healthy at 19% y-o-y/ 4% q-o-q while deposit growth was at 16% y-o-y/ 1% q-o-q. Bank is confident of a 16-18% loan growth in FY25E and guided for pick up in the deposit growth. New MD &amp;amp; CEO would come out with a detailed strategy in Q3. Focus would be on strengthening core operating performance led by NIMs resulting in improve outlook for return ratios. Outlook The stock trades at 1.3x/1.1x its FY2025E/FY2026E BV estimates. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 225. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sudarshan Chemical Industries; target of Rs 1224: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Sudarshan Chemical Industries Revenues reached Rs. 696 crore, marking a 16% y-o-y increase and a 10% q-o-q rise, with exports growing by 44% y-o-y. EBITDA stood at Rs. 94 crore, up 44% y-o-y and 17% q-o-q, driven by growth in the specialty pigments portfolio. Margins improved to 14%, up 266 bps y-o-y and 86 bps q-o-q, while PAT reached Rs. 30 crore, up 67% y-o-y and 2% q-o-q. Recovery in export demand and ramp-up of new projects would drive growth. We have tweaked our estimates for FY25-26 and introduced FY27. Outlook Hence, we maintain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 1,224, ascribing a multiple of 24x on FY27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Bandhan Bank; target of Rs 200: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Bandhan Bank Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 29,483 Mn, a growth of 20.7% YoY (-1.9% QoQ). The yields on advances improved by 40 bps YoY (-20 bps QoQ) at 13.7%. The Core NIMs stood at 7.4% in Q2FY25, improving by 20 bps YoY. The NII was 2.0% lower than our estimates. Pre-Provision Operating Profits (PPOP) grew by 17.2% YoY (-4.4% QoQ) to INR 18,551 Mn. PPOP was in line with our estimates. The net profit for Q2FY25 stood at INR 9,374 Mn, a growth of 30.0% YoY, primarily led by lower provisions. We adjusted our EPS estimates downwards for FY26E by 2.9%, assuming slightly higher credit costs. We revise our target price to INR 200 per share (earlier INR 217) by assigning a P/ABV multiple of 1.2x (earlier INR 1.3x) to the adjusted book value of INR 166.8 per share for FY26E, implying an upside of 8.2% over the CMP. We have lowered our multiple in light of the challenges facing the MFI industry, which are likely to affect business growth due to the risks associated with the EEB portfolio concerning both growth and asset quality. We maintain our rating at “ACCUMULATE”. Outlook We revise our target price to INR 200 per share (earlier INR 217) by assigning a P/ABV multiple of 1.2x to the adjusted book value of INR 166.8 per share for FY26E, thereby implying an upside of 8.2% over the CMP. Accordingly, we maintain our rating of “ACCUMULATE” on the shares of Bandhan Bank Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ambuja Cement; target of Rs 708 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Ambuja Cement Ambuja Cements (ACEM) delivered relatively strong operating performance in 2QFY25 on the back of higher volumes, higher share of premium products and green power. Cons volumes grew 8.4% YoY aided by clinker volumes from Penna and higher OPC supply in the non-trade segment. NSR declined 1.2% QoQ on fall in cement prices across regions during the quarter. Adjusting for one time other operating revenue of Rs1.4bn, EBITDA/t works out at Rs686, tad lower than PLe of Rs702/t. The management reiterated its focus on improving efficiencies on higher green power mix, captive coal, and logistical synergies. Although few of the grinding units may get delayed by few months, ACEM has enough levers to deliver strong 14% volume CAGR over FY24-27E. ACEM remains upbeat on improving demand from GoI infrastructure &amp;amp; housing projects across regions. Outlook We expect ACEM revenue/ EBITDA/ PAT to deliver CAGR of 13%/22%/19% over FY24-27E. The stock is trading at EV of 13.5x/12.3x FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Buy’ with revised TP of Rs708 (Rs756 earlier) valuing at 17x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sun Pharmaceutical Industries; target of Rs 2100 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates stands marginally increased by ~2%. Sun Pharma (SUNP) Q2FY25 EBIDTA was largely in line with our estimates, aided by higher specialty and gRevlimid sales along with lower R&amp;amp;D spend. Overall specialty sales, GMs continue to remain healthy. Over last few years SUNP dependency on US generics has reduced and company’s growth is more functional on specialty, RoW and domestic pharma business that has strong growth visibility. Though FY25 expenses may remain elevated given company are in investment phase to ramp up specialty pipeline; timely launch of Leqselvi along with progress of other pipelines will be key to SUNP’s specialty pipeline beyond FY25. Outlook We maintain ‘BUY’ rating with revised TP of Rs.2,100 based on 35x Sept’ 26E earnings. SUNP remains our top pick in large cap space. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Praj Industries; target of Rs 804 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Praj Industries We revise our FY25E EPS estimate by -2.6% factoring in higher D&amp;amp;A and interest costs from the new GenX facility and lower execution in Bio Energy. Praj Industries (PRJ) reported mixed quarterly performance with revenue falling 7.5% YoY and EBITDA margin expanding by 271bps YoY to 11.5%. Starchbased ethanol plants continue to gain strong traction in India and international markets such as Brazil, Argentina, Panama, Paraguay and Africa, particularly with maize as feedstock. India’s prospective 25% ethanol blending target will drive additional opportunities. Meanwhile, a strong pipeline continues to build in SAF, ETCA, CBG, services, and HiPurity solutions, with business expected to firm up in H2. Praj’s services business is also generating healthy enquiries in performance enhancers, O&amp;amp;M and biogenic CO2 capture. Going forward, execution pace will be a key monitorable. We remain positive on PRJ in the long run given 1) its leadership in domestic ethanol projects (50-55% market share), 2) healthy export outlook in Engineering driven by ETCA, 3) large pipeline in SAF in the US and domestic CBG, 4) focus on new technologies such as 2G ethanol and biopolymers, and 5) improving margins owing to growing share of exports &amp;amp; services. Outlook The stock is trading at a P/E of 40.8x/29.6x/22.3x on FY25/26/27E earnings. We maintain ‘Buy’ rating with an unchanged TP of Rs804, valuing the stock at a P/E of 34x FY26E (same as earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: J.Kumar Infra shares climb nearly 4% post strong Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of J.Kumar Infraprojects rose 3.5 percent on October 29 following the company's strong quarterly earnings for Q2FY25. The consolidated net profit increased by 23 percent year-on-year to Rs 90.2 crore, while revenue from operations rose 17 percent to Rs 1,292 crore. By 12.40 PM, J.Kumar Infra shares were up over 3 percent, trading at Rs 746. The stock has gained 25 percent year-to-date, outpacing the Nifty 50’s 12 percent rise. Despite this, J.Kumar Infra’s monthly returns have been negative from August through October. The company reported an 18 percent year-on-year increase in EBITDA to Rs 188 crore, with EBIT rising 26 percent to Rs 155 crore. J.Kumar Infra's debt-to-equity ratio remains manageable at 0.28x as of September 30. Follow our live blog for all the market action As of the end of Q2, J.Kumar Infra's total order book stood at Rs 18,721 crore, encompassing metro projects (both elevated and underground), elevated corridors, flyovers, roads, and road tunnels. &quot;We remain committed to strategically expanding and diversifying our project portfolio, leveraging our robust technical capabilities. This focused approach will position us for sustainable growth and long-term success,&quot; said Kamal J. Gupta, Managing Director of J.Kumar Infra. Earlier in October the company had bagged a work order worth Rs 297.8 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 341 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bharat Electronics The company is on track to meet its full-year order intake guidance of Rs250bn, including Rs85bn+ worth of order from programs such as Ashwini Radar, EW suite MI-17, ADFCR-ATULYA and Shakti Phase-4. QRSAM is in advanced stages of finalization and is expected to be awarded in Q1FY26, potentially adding another Rs250bn+ to the order inflow in FY26. Further opportunities are available in Uttam Radars for LCA Mk1A, artillery systems being developed by private players, naval products and Kavach for the Indian Railways. The company has streamlined LRSAM and other big-ticket items, leading to easing up of supply chain disruptions and better execution. Additionally, 85%-88% of the products supplied are indigenized, and further indigenization efforts are expected to drive margin expansion. Outlook We upgrade the rating to ‘Buy’ factoring in the recent sharp correction in stock price with an unchanged TP of Rs341. Bharat Electronics (BEL) reported strong quarterly performance with revenue growth of 14.8% YoY and EBITDA margins expanding by 514bps YoY to 30.3%. Opportunities in defense are expected to sustain for the next 5 years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Voltamp Transformers; target of Rs 14,326 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Voltamp Transformers Voltamp Transformers (VAMP) reported decent quarterly performance with 4.3% YoY revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion of 82bps YoY to 18.9%. Domestic demand landscape remains supportive of growth led by strong public and private capex across industries. Continued emphasis on energy security and energy transition is expected to drive demand for higher capacity power transformers. The company’s capacity expansion plan for power transformers up to 250 MVA is on track and anticipated to be operational by Q1FY27. Opportunity pipeline remains robust with traction across data centers, commercial real estate, oil &amp;amp; gas, and green energy. However, increasing capacity addition is putting pressure on pricing, which will lead to margin normalization going forward. Additionally, supply chain constraints in CRGO steel and a few other critical components along with geopolitical uncertainties, remain critical risks to execution. We remain positive on VAMP considering its 1) strong market position in industrial transformers, 2) healthy demand momentum, 3) debt-free balance sheet, 4) consistent free cash flow generation, and 5) growing high-margin services business. The stock is trading at a P/E of 34.0x/29.4x FY25/26E. We value the stock at a PE of 40x FY26E (same as earlier). Upgrade to ‘Buy’. Outlook We revise our FY25/26E EPS estimates by -2.4%/-4.0% factoring in weaker realization, but upgrade the rating to ‘Buy’ due to the recent sharp correction in stock price with a revised TP of Rs14,325 (Rs14,922 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Federal Bank; target of Rs 220 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Federal Bank FB reported a strong quarter as core PAT beat PLe by 7.3% led by better fees and controlled opex/provisions. While loan growth of 4.3% QoQ was led by retail/SME, reported NIM declined by 4bps QoQ, due to 7bps impact related to reclassification of penal interest to fees. Adjusting for this impact, fees were higher. Credit costs are in control as (1) unsecured proportion is much lower at 4.7% (large peers at 12-20%) and (2) unsecured credit quality is superior. Bank has guided for 18% loan growth in FY25. Considering the deposit environment, CASA growth was healthy at 3.9% QoQ leading to increase in CASA ratio by 80bps QoQ to 30.1%. Outlook Focus is on balance sheet strength since LCR improved QoQ from 112.6% to 115.2% driven by (1) 2.9% QoQ decline in wholesale deposits and (2) increase in CASA ratio. Keeping multiple at 1.4x we increase TP from Rs210 to Rs220 as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV. Retain ‘BUY’ For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate CreditAccess Grameen; target of Rs 1011: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on CreditAccess Grameen Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 increased by 20.8% YoY (-2.1% QoQ) to INR 9,324 Mn. The Pre-Provisioning Operating Profits (PPOP) grew by 19.5% YoY (-5.2% QoQ) to INR 6,721 Mn in Q2FY25, led by growth in NII. The NBFC registered a net profit of INR 1,861 Mn in Q2FY25, representing a de-growth of 46.4% YoY (-53.2% QoQ). The operating growth was offset by higher provisions during the quarter, at INR 4,201 Mn as against INR 959 Mn in Q2FY24. There was a temporary increase in delinquencies across various geographies due to multiple factors. The NBFC expects these challenges to stabilize in Q3FY25E and business sentiment to improve in Q4FY25E. Outlook We have revised our P/ABV multiple downward to 1.75x from 2.6x to account for the deceleration in business momentum due industry headwinds and increase in credit costs. We, accordingly, revise our target price downwards to INR 1,011/share (earlier INR 1,630) and our rating to “ACCUMULATE” from “BUY” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Correction is possible if balance between demand and supply tilts, says Manish Chokhani of Enam Holdings [/INST] The full article is as follows: If the balance between demand and supply in Indian equity market tilts, a correction is possible, said Manish Chokhani, director of Enam Holdings, in a conversation with Moneycontrol. Recently, demand and supply have drawn close, Chokhani said, with robust demand driven by domestic investors while foreign investors have largely been sellers. Supply is mostly created by stake sales from both foreign and domestic promoters, including divestments by Tata Sons and Vedanta in India, and similar moves from major firms in the UK, Japan, and Singapore, Chokhani added. Recently, South Korea's Hyundai Motor Company sold 17.5 percent stake in its India unit through an initial public offering (IPO) in October. Also, Japan's Sumitomo Wiring Systems, promoter in Samvardhana Motherson International, sold 4.4 percent stake in the company in March. Chokhani highlighted that while promoters and private equity firms have offloaded around $15 billion in shares, this capital isn't necessarily fueling new productive capacity. “That money might return to the stock market, but it’s not contributing to fresh capital creation,” he said. Capital expenditure, however, is still underway, though it has shifted focus—from traditional investments like steel mills to modern infrastructure such as data centers, power plants, and semiconductors. Chokhani cautioned that if a correction does occur, it would likely be triggered by external factors rather than domestic market dynamics. The director said that this decade will be the era of emerging markets and hard assets like gold and silver.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cholamandalam Investment and Finance; target of Rs 1601: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Driven by robust, 32% y/y, NII growth, Cholamandalam Investment &amp;amp; Finance’s Q2 net profit rose 25% y/y to Rs9.6bn. With its more profitable new businesses and strong collections architecture, we maintain our Buy recommendation despite premium valuations. On the slightly lower credit growth assumption, we trim estimates. Outlook At our revised Rs1,601 TP, the stock would trade at 4.4x FY26e BV (earlier 4.6x FY26e BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kalpataru Projects soars 6% on solid Q2 earnings show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Kalpataru Projects International soared as much as 6 percent on October 29, buoyed by the company's strong earnings for the September quarter. Aided by its robust order book, the company's net profit surged close to 40 percent on year to Rs 125.6 crore for the July-September quarter, up from Rs 90 crore in the year ago period. At 12.08 pm, shares of Kalpataru Projects were trading at Rs 1,233.60 on the NSE. The strong quarterly show also triggered heavy trading volumes in the counter. As much as seven lakh shares already changed hands so far, more than double the one month daily traded average of three lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Revenue from operations grew 9.1 percent to Rs 4,930 crore, up from Rs 4,518.4 crore in Q2 of the previous fiscal, driven by strong execution and a healthy order backlog. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 6.9 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 5.3 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. As of the end of the September quarter, Kalpataru's consolidated order book expanded 29 percent year-on-year to Rs 60,631 crore, driven by strong order inflows, particularly in the transmission &amp;amp; distribution (T&amp;amp;D) and buildings &amp;amp; factories (B&amp;amp;F) segments, indicating robust demand and growth opportunities in its core sectors. The company also signed binding agreements to sell Vindyachal Expressway for an enterprise value of Rs 775 crore, with the transaction expected to close in FY26, pending regulatory approvals and closing adjustments. &quot;We have delivered solid performance this quarter, with consolidated revenue growth of 9 percent to Rs 4,930 crore, PBT growth of 42 percent year-on-year to Rs 188 crore, and PAT growth of 40 percent year-on-year to Rs 126 crore. Notably, this growth is supported by our strong order book position of Rs 60,631 crore and year-to-date order inflows of approximately Rs 19,000 crore, including over Rs 7,000 crore in L1 status,&quot; Manish Mohnot, MD and CEO of the company said in an exchange filing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Bharat Petroleum Corporation; target of Rs 316 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bharat Petroleum Corporation We upgrade the rating from ‘Sell’ to ‘Hold’ with a TP of Rs316 post correction in stock price. Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) reported lower-thanexpected Q2FY25 results with EBITDA of Rs45.5bn (down 19.5% QoQ, PLe: Rs61.7bn, BBGe: Rs62.2bn). PAT came in at Rs24bn (down 20.5% QoQ, PLe: Rs32.6bn, BBGe: Rs38.3bn). GRM stood at US$4.4/bbl. GMM as per our calculation came in at Rs5.8/ltr. Although average Singapore GRM is ~US$3/bbl in Q3-TD, we expect it to bounce back to the long-term average of US$5-7/bbl and build in a GRM of US$4.7/6/6/bbl for FY25/26/27E. On the marketing front, we estimate a GMM of Rs7.1/4.1/4.1/ltr for FY25/26/27E. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 1.5/1.4x of FY26/27 P/BV. We upgrade the multiple to 1.4x avg FY26-27 P/BV on rising GRM and moderate GMM. Upgrade to ‘Hold’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Jubilant Ingrevia; target of Rs 695 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Jubilant Ingrevia We value the company using SOTP and retain “Hold” rating on the stock valuing it on FY26/27 due to the recent correction in stock price. JUBLINGR completed ~Rs13bn of capex during FY22-24 and is expected to complete another ~Rs7bn within coming months. At 1.3x asset turnover, this could generate a peak incremental revenue of Rs26bn. We forecast a revenue of Rs57bn in FY28E and an EBITDA of Rs7.9bn, implying a blended EBITDAM of 14%. The company recently won a USD300mn multi-year contract for agrochemical intermediates. A detailed look at contract manufacturers, especially in the specialty chemicals segment, suggests that there is very little bargaining power of the suppliers since the buyers are consolidated. Outlook Although the recent order win by JUBLINGR could boost revenues for the company, we remain apprehensive of the ROCE that these projects may generate. The stock is trading at 42x FY26E EPS and 21x FY26 EV/EBITDA. Retain “Hold” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Indian Oil Corporation; target of Rs 156 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Indian Oil Corporation Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL) reported a weak Q2 with EBITDA of Rs37.7bn (down 56.3% QoQ, PLe: Rs85.5bn, BBGe: Rs94bn). Reported PAT came in at Rs1.8bn (down 93.2% QoQ, PLe: Rs30.4bn, BBGe: Rs31.4bn). There was an exceptional gain of Rs11.6bn for VAT Input Tax Credit. Adj loss stood at Rs9.8bn. Sequential decline in earnings was majorly due to lower GRMs. Capacity utilization stood at 94.5%. Reported GRM came in at US$1.6/bbl, while gross marketing margin stood at Rs5.8/ltr in Q2. The stock is currently trading at 1/1x FY25/26 P/BV. Although average Singapore GRM is ~US$3/bbl, we expect it to rebound to the long term average of US$5-7/bbl and build in a GRM of US$4.7/6/6/bbl for FY25/26/27E. Outlook On the marketing front, we build in a gross marketing margin of Rs 6/4.2/4.2/ltr for FY25/26/27E. We re-rate the stock from ‘Reduce’ to ‘Hold’ post correction in stock price with a TP of Rs156 based on 1x avg FY26-27E P/BV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate BHEL; target of Rs 260 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on BHEL BHEL reported strong revenue growth of 28.5% YoY with EBITDA margin turning positive to 4.2% in Q2FY25. During the quarter, the company continued to benefit from the robust opportunity in thermal power in India, booking orders worth up to Rs300bn across 7.2GW of projects. With the government aiming to tender out all 80GW of the planned capacity addition by FY28, the pipeline remains healthy with ~30GW still up for bidding. BHEL’s non-power business also continues to do well, securing orders worth Rs17bn in Q2FY25 for supply of equipment to various industrial customers across cement, steel, railways, and T&amp;amp;D. We believe 1) large thermal power order pipeline, 2) diversification into railways, defence, green hydrogen, coal gasification, etc., and 3) growing spares &amp;amp; services business augurs well for BHEL in the long-term. Execution pace and operational efficiency will be key monitorables. The stock is trading at a P/E of 65.8x/22.1x/16.3x on FY25/26/27E earnings. We value the stock at a P/E of 25x FY26E (same as earlier). Upgrade to ‘Accumulate’. Outlook We revise our FY26E EPS estimate by -1.5% factoring in lower other income, but upgrade the rating to ‘Accumulate’ from Reduce given the recent sharp correction in stock price, with a revised TP of Rs260 (Rs264 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Syrma SGS Technology; target of Rs 550: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Syrma SGS Technology Syrma SGS Technology (SYRMA) reported a strong operating performance in 2QFY25, with EBITDA margins expanding 160bp YoY due to operating leverage and a favorable business mix (lower share of low-margin consumer business at 33% in 2QFY25 vs. 35% in 2QFY24 and higher share from exports). However, revenue growth tapered down to 17% YoY due to the company’s focus on improving the business mix. With a healthy order book at hand (INR48b as of 2QFY25; up 26%/7% YoY/QoQ) and expansion of margins, we expect SYRMA to witness a stronger 2HFY25. Factoring in the better-than-expected operating performance of 2Q, we have increased our EPS estimate for FY25 by 6% while largely maintaining our FY26E EPS. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR550 (30x Sep’26E EPS). Outlook We estimate a CAGR of 35%/44%/53% in revenue/EBITDA/adj. PAT over FY24-27, driven by strong revenue growth and margin expansion. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR550 (30x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy JSW Infrastructure; target of Rs 350: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on JSW Infrastructure JSW Infrastructure (JSWINFRA) posted 18% YoY revenue growth to INR10b (in line) in 2QFY25. Cargo volumes rose 16% YoY to 27.5MMT, of which third-party cargo grew 48% YoY to 12.7MMT (46% of the total cargo in 2Q was from third parties). EBITDA margin dipped ~130bp YoY/~100bp QoQ to 52.0% (vs. our estimate of 53.7%). EBITDA grew ~15% YoY to INR5.2b (7% below estimate). APAT grew ~5% YoY to INR2.6b (our estimates of INR3.2b). Higher tax outgo hurt profitability. The cash &amp;amp; bank balance stood at INR29b at the end of 2QFY25. The company generated a CFO of INR6.8b during 1HFY25. During 1HFY25, revenue was INR20.1b (+16% YoY), EBITDA was INR10.4b (+15% YoY), and APAT was INR5.6b (+11% YoY). In 2HFY25, we expect revenue/EBITDA/APAT to grow 11%/14%/3% YoY. Outlook This should drive a 21% CAGR in revenue and a 23% CAGR in EBITDA over the same period. We reiterate our BUY rating with a revised TP of INR 350 (premised on 22x Sep’26 EV/EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Indian Bank; target of Rs 650: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Indian Bank Indian Bank (INBK) reported 2QFY25 PAT of INR27.06b (36% YoY, 6% beat), driven by lower provisions and higher other income. NII grew 7.9% YoY (in line) to INR61.9b. Domestic NIM moderated 4bp QoQ to 3.49%. Net advances grew 13.2% YoY/2.3% QoQ, while deposits grew 8.2% YoY/1.8% QoQ. Consequently, the C/D ratio increased 43bp QoQ to 76.9%. The CASA ratio stood at 38.9%. Fresh slippages declined to INR13.8b vs. INR19.6b in 1QFY25. GNPA/NNPA ratios improved by 29bp/12bp QoQ to 3.48%/0.27%. PCR rose to 92.5%. We fine tune our earnings estimates and expect the bank to deliver RoA/RoE of 1.2%/17.3%. Reiterate BUY with a revised TP of INR650 (1.2x FY26E ABV). Outlook We fine tune our earnings estimates and expect the bank to deliver RoA/RoE of 1.2%/17.3%. Reiterate BUY with a revised TP of INR650 (premised on 1.2x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Castrol India; target of Rs 275: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Castrol India Castrol’s (CSTRL) revenue grew 9% YoY to INR13b in 3QCY24, driven by 8% YoY volume growth. EBITDA margin stood at 22.2%. Management highlighted that it remains focused on brand building, widening the distribution network, and launching new products, all of which we believe will contribute to volume growth and market share expansion. Management maintains a bullish outlook on India as a market and expects robust demand for lubricants to remain stable until late CY30s and early CY40s, largely attributed to the low penetration of cars in the country. While the threat from EVs is real, EV adoption is expected to be gradual. CSTRL maintained its guidance of growing higher than the industry’s average growth rate of 4-5% while aiming for 22-25% EBITDA margin for CY24. We estimate 22%/23%/24% EBITDA margin in CY24/CY25/CY26. Management guided INR1b annual capex, which is expected to rise to INR1.2-1.25b in a couple of years (INR600-650m capex incurred during 9mCY24). CSTRL has always enjoyed a strong brand legacy, and we are confident in its ability to maintain profitability through an improved product mix, stringent cost-control measures, and the launch of advanced products that command better realization. We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR275. Outlook We also reduce our valuation multiple to 26x (average: 22.8x and mean + 1 S.D.: 30.6x) and arrive at our TP to INR275. We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 360: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Bharat Electronics Bharat Electronics (BHE)’s 2QFY25 results came ahead of our estimates, driven by better-than-expected margin performance. Revenue growth was led by a strong order book, which stood at INR746b. Order inflows stood at INR74b during 1HFY25. We expect defense ordering to start ramping up in the coming quarters. We expect BHE to remain a key beneficiary of the same, with key focus areas being from naval, EW systems, artillery systems, platform orders, Kavach, exports, et al. We expect BHE’s revenue to grow at 19% CAGR over FY24-27, driven by improved market share on account of enhanced wallet share and improved indigenized offerings. We maintain our estimates and continue to value the company at 35x two-year forward earnings. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR360. Outlook BHE is currently trading at 33.1x/27.4x on FY26E/FY27E EPS. We maintain our estimates and continue to value the company at 35x two-year forward earnings. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR360. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ambuja Cements; target of Rs 710: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Ambuja Cements Ambuja Cements (ACEM)’s 2QFY25 earnings beat estimates, led by higher volumes (4% above estimates) and higher incentive incomes. Consol. EBITDA declined 15% YoY to INR11.1b (38% beat; however, EBITDA adjusted for incentive income of INR1.4b was ~21% above our estimates). EBITDA/t stood at INR780 (v/s est. INR584; EBITDA/t at INR684 adjusted for higher incentives). Adj. PAT declined 33% YoY to INR5.3b (est. INR3.7b). ACEM’s consolidated grinding capacity will increase to ~97mtpa (v/s 89mtpa at present) after completion of acquisition of Orient Cement. Further, ongoing brownfield expansions of 4.0mtpa/6.4mtpa of clinker/grinding in the east region are expected to be completed by FY25-end. ACEM’s aims to increase its market share from ~15% currently to ~20% by FY28E. Outlook We reduce FY26/27E EBITDA by 4% each on lower cement price assumptions and EPS estimates are getting cut by 11%/8% for FY26/27 (5% for FY25 on higher depreciation). ACEM trades at 18x/14x FY26E/FY27E EV/EBITDA (consolidated). We maintain our BUY rating with a TP of INR710, based on 20x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ajanta Pharma; target of Rs 3470: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Ajanta Pharma Ajanta Pharma (AJP) delivered in-line performance in 2QFY25. Asia/Africa (47% of sales) grew strongly at 32% YoY in 2QFY25 due to superior execution and partly on the low base of the past year. AJP outperformed the Domestic Formulation (DF) industry by 150-200bp in 2QFY25. US generics sales were stable YoY due to reduced pace of approvals. We largely maintain our estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27. We value AJP at 35x 12M forward earnings to arrive at a TP of INR3,470. AJP is not only adding MRs to existing therapies in the DF market but also exploring new therapies to add as a growth driver in the DF segment. With additional launches, US sales are expected to pick up over the medium term. Product introduction and steady traction in existing products are expected to drive 16%/15%/12% sales CAGR in DF/Africa branded/Asia branded segment over FY25-27. Overall, we expect 13%/16%/17% CAGR in Revenue/EBITDA/PAT over FY25-27. Reiterate BUY. Outlook We largely maintain our estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27. We value AJP at 35x 12M forward earnings to arrive at a TP of INR3,470. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: JSW Infra stock zooms 10% after Q2 net profit jumps 46% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of JSW Infrastructure soared as much as 10 percent on October 29 after the company reported an impressive set of earnings for the July-September quarter. The company's net profit surged 46 percent on year to Rs 372 crore in Q2, up from Rs 254.4 crore in the year ago period. At 11.06 am, shares of JSW Infrastructure were trading at Rs 311.75 on the NSE. The strong quarterly show also triggered heavy trading volumes in the counter. As much as 88 lakh shares already changed hands so far, higher than the one month daily traded average of 23 lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Revenue from operations climbed 18 percent to Rs 1,001.4 crore, up from Rs 848.3 crore in Q2 of the previous fiscal. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 67.5 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 53.8 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. In this quarter, JSW Infrastructure managed cargo volumes of 27.5 million tonnes (MT), marking a 16 percent increase over last year. This growth was fueled by higher capacity utilisation at the coal terminals in Mangalore, Paradip, and Ennore, along with contributions from recent acquisitions, including PNP and a liquid storage terminal in the UAE. Meanwhile, third-party volume recorded even stronger growth, rising 48 percent year-on-year, with third-party cargo accounting for 46 percent of total volumes, up from 36 percent a year ago. In addition, JSW Infrastructure also expects to close FY25 with 10 percent volume growth, slightly narrowing its earlier guidance of 10-12 percent. With its robust balance sheet, JSW Infrastructure also plans to drive both organic and inorganic growth, enhance its market presence, and expand its capacity to 400 MMT by 2030, up from the current 170 MMT. Brokerage firm MOFSL believes that on the back of stable growth drivers at JSW Infrastructure’s existing ports and terminals, an increased share of third-party customers, steady cargo volumes from JSW Group companies, and a growing portfolio, the company is positioned to solidify its market dominance. This according to MOFSL, is expected to yield a 14 percent volume CAGR over FY24-27, driving a 21 percent CAGR in revenue and a 23 percent CAGR in EBITDA for the period. Banked on this, MOFSL also reiterated its 'buy' rating on JSW Infra with a target price of Rs 350. Nuvama Institutional Equities also feels that JSW Infrastructure is set for strong long-term growth, driven by favorable macro tailwinds, including a projected 4x capacity increase over the next 25 years. &quot;This growth will be supported by organic expansion—primarily through group cargo growth from JSW Steel—and inorganic growth in the ports and logistics sectors,&quot; Nuvama wrote in a note. Accordingly, the brokerage also retained its 'buy' call on the stock with a price target of Rs 390.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Bandhan Bank; target of Rs 175: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bandhan Bank Bandhan Bank reported a 6% PAT beat at Rs9.4bn and RoA of 2.1%, mainly led by higher other income and lower than expected provisions – better than some peers that posted sharp earning downgrades. The bank has logged a healthy AUM growth of 22% YoY/4% QoQ, supported by growth in its secured loan portfolio (~47% of loans). Deposits too grew swiftly, by 27% YoY/7% QoQ, leading to contraction in LDR by 282bps to 88%, which in turn led to a fall of 20bps in NIMs to 7.4%. Overall gross slippages remained elevated at Rs11bn/4.4% of loans, while absence of write-offs led to a 45bps QoQ uptick in GNPA to 4.7%. Management expects slippages to stay elevated in Q3, before cooling down in Q4. The bank shall soon apply for the ECLGS claim of Rs3.5bn, apart from balance CGFMU dues of Rs3.1bn. Outlook Further, ex-SBI DMD Partha Sengupta was appointed as the new MD &amp;amp; CEO wef 1-Nov-24 for three years, in line with the trend of PSB bankers joining troubled private banks. We retain REDUCE on Bandhan and TP of Rs175 (1x Sep-26E ABV) amid rising MFI stress. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Poonawalla Fincorp; target of Rs 240: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Poonawalla Fincorp Poonawalla Fincorp reported disappointing Q2 numbers with the credit cost of Rs9.1bn (including Rs6.7bn one-time provisioning on the STPL book) leading to the company posting a Rs4.7bn loss. The management provided comfort by stating that review of the entire portfolio is complete and there should not be any need for additional provision. The company unveiled 6 new products and its omnichannel phygital distribution that shall help it deliver 5-6x AUM growth in the next 6 years. With the Poonawalla name, strong capital adequacy, AAA rating at his disposal, and past baggage likely cleaned up, the new CEO, Arvind, is trying to build the franchise by hiring competent top and middle management, expanding product and distribution, and tightening the risk management. However, this strategy should moderate profitability over the medium term on account of higher opex, and the execution of this ambitious plan amid tightening regulatory environment and heightened competition will be a daunting task. Outlook We reiterate our REDUCE rating on the stock with revised Sep-25E TP of Rs240 (vs Rs400 earlier), implying FY26E P/BV of 2x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 325: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bank of Baroda Bank of Baroda (BoB) reported strong PAT beat at Rs52bn/RoA of 1.3%, mainly due to higher other income (led by treasury gains and recovery in TWO accounts), and partly offset by higher provisions (including contingent provisions). After realigning the book in Q1, BoB reported healthy broad-based credit growth at 12% YoY/7% QoQ. However, NIM shrunk by 8bps QoQ to 3.1% due to lower yields. Headline GNPAs declined by 38bps QoQ to 2.5% in absence of lumpy NPAs, similar to a few peers. Management indicated that 1/3rd of aviation exposure against guarantee has been recovered and the rest is under legal process. The management has revised its guidance for FY25 with credit growth of ~11-13% and deposit growth of 9-11%, while NIMs likely to remain range-bound at 3.15% +/-5bps. We largely retain our earnings estimates and expect the bank to deliver healthy RoA of 1.1-1.2%/RoE of 15-16%. Outlook We retain BUY on BoB with an unchanged TP of Rs325 rolling forward on 1.1x SA Sep-26E ABV and subs value at Rs15/sh. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finserv; target of Rs 2050: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Finserv BJFIN reported a satisfactory performance in Q2FY25 with reasonable performances posted by its established operating subsidiaries (BAF, BAGIC, and BALIC) amid the difficult and changing external environment. The emerging ventures (Finserv Health, Finserv Direct and AMC) continued to make good progress toward their journey to sustainable and profitable growth. Rising credit cost dented BAF’s Q2 results and the guidance of increased credit cost for FY25 (2.05%) led to a cut in our earnings estimates. BAGIC delivered reasonable performance with the combined ratio of 101.5% coming better than peers, and BALIC reported a solid 40% APE growth; however, VNB margin dropped 3.8ppts YoY to 10.8% owing to higher ULIP. Outlook To reflect the Q2 developments, the management commentary and the external developments, we have tweaked our FY25-27 estimates leading to a ~1-2% cut in FY25-27E EPS. We reiterate our BUY rating with revised Sep-25E TP of Rs2,050 (from Rs2,150 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Spandana Sphoorty shares nosedive 17% as brokerages downgrade MFI stock on Q2 net loss [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Spandana Sphoorty Ltd fell as much as 17 percent on October 29 after the microfinance (MFI) lender reported a net loss of Rs 204 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net profit of Rs 116 crore in the year-ago period. Nuvama Institutional Equities has cut its target price on Spandana Sphoorty stock by 42 percent to Rs 520 from Rs 900 earlier, citing MFI stress that is likely to continue in in the current quarter with respite likely only in Q4FY25. Given two consecutive stressed quarters and low visibility, the brokerage downgraded Spandana Sphoorty stock to ‘hold’ from ‘buy’ earlier. With the ongoing MFI stress, a sharp rise was observed in GS2 and GS3 loans for Spandana in Q2FY25. GS2 loans rose sharply to 6.2 percent, while GS3 rose to 4.9 percent. The deterioration in asset quality can be attributed to borrowers taking more loans including non-MFI loans after taking disbursement from Spandana, high attrition and declining attendance in centre meetings, Nuvama said. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action JM Financial also downgraded the stock to 'Hold', with a revised target price of Rs 500, valuing at 0.9 time FY26E book value per share. While the brokerage believes the additional steps taken by the company to control its credit costs would be beneficial over the medium term, it remains vigilant on the asset quality of the existing book. Spandana's gross NPA during the July-Sep quarter stood at 4.86 percent, compared to 2.6 percent, while Net NPA stood at 0.99 percent from 0.52 percent in June. Provisions during the quarter increased by 468 percent on-year to Rs 491.8 crore. Brokerage firm Motilal Oswal has maintained its 'buy' recommendation on Spandana Sphoorty with a revised price target of Rs 540, down from Rs 580 earlier. At 10:44 am, Spandana Sphoorty shares were trading over 16 percent lower at Rs 384.90 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has tanked around 65 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has fallen 57 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Poonawalla Fincorp; target of Rs 371: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Poonawalla Fincorp Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 increased by 17.8% YoY (-2.9% QoQ) to INR 5,592 Mn. Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) stood at INR 2,792 Mn, a sharp decline of 16.8% YoY (-35.4% QoQ) in Q2FY25, which includes a one-time opex of INR 710 Mn. Net loss for Q2FY25 was reported at INR 4,710 Mn compared to net profit of INR 2,916 Mn in Q1FY25 (vs INR 12,589 Mn in Q2FY24). The loss was due to higher provisions of INR 9,096 Mn (vs INR 425 Mn in Q1FY25). Key Monitorable in coming quarters: a) Asset quality trends in the STPL portfolio; b) Execution of new business initiatives and the pace of disbursement growth; and c) Effectiveness of cost optimization measures and operating leverage benefits. Outlook We assign a P/ABV multiple of 3.2x (earlier 3.3x) to FY26E ABVPS of INR 116.1 per share and revise our target price to INR 371/share (Previous target: INR 455). This implies a potential upside of 16.1% and accordingly, we have retained our “BUY” rating for Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Godrej Consumer Products; target of Rs 1452: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Godrej Consumer Products For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 1.8% YoY (+10.0% QoQ) to INR 36,663 Mn, missed our estimate by 3.3%. EBITDA increased 5.3% YoY (+4.9% QoQ) to INR 7,617 Mn, in line with our estimate 0.1%. Adj. Net profit increased by 7.4% YoY (+5.6% QoQ) to INR 4,991 Mn, outperformed our estimate, mainly due to lower-than-expected interest expenses and depreciation. GCPL declared an interim dividend at INR 5.0/share for FY24-FY25. We lower our FY25E/FY26E estimates of Adj. EPS by 5.6%/5.7%, respectively, as we expect in 2HFY25E, domestic business profitability is to remain subdued due to a high base effect, inflationary pressures in palm oil, and delayed impact from price hikes in the soaps segment. Outlook We maintain our P/E multiple of 55.0x on FY26E EPS of INR 26.4 (earlier: INR 28.2), resulting in a target price of INR 1,452/share (earlier: INR 1,541). Given a 11.9% upside potential from the CMP, we maintain our “ACCUMULATE” rating on Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem; target of Rs 809: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem’s revenue and profitability missed our estimates significantly due to muted demand across business segments, lower price realization, and an increase in fixed costs. We believe short term pain will persist as Q3FY25E is expected to have similar performance; However, mid-term may improve gradually with a pick-up in global demand and commercialization of new products. We have revised our estimates on the lower side due to slowdown in recovery, logistical challenges, and Chinese competition affecting the company’s MNC customers. Outlook We reduce the P/E multiple to 26.0x (previously: 28.0x) on FY26E EPS of INR 31.1 (previously: INR 36.5) to arrive at a target price of INR 809/share (previously: INR 1,021/share), For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Birla Corporation; target of Rs 1689: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Birla Corporation Weak demand because of the prolonged monsoon, less government infra funding and keen competition hurt Birla Corp’s Q2. Its FY25 volume guidance was lowered to 3-4% as demand at its core regions would be curbed by Mahakumbh (Central) and elections (Maharashtra) where EBITDA/tonne has been guided to rise Rs150-170 in H2 FY25. The greater share of premium cement and the focus on cost rationalisation are positives. Outlook We retain our Buy rating, at a lower 12-mth TP of Rs1,689 (earlier Rs1,894). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gillette India stock zooms 10 percent as investors cheer robust Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Gillette India soared up to 10 percent on October 29 after the grooming products maker reported a 43.5 percent rise in net profit to Rs 133.01 crore for the quarter ended September 2024, led by a broad-based growth. The company's revenue from operations increased 17.11 per cent YoY to Rs 781.82 crore. &quot;The growth has been broad-based amidst continuing green shoots in rural markets,&quot; the company said in its statement. Gillette India's total expenses rose 11 percent in the July-September quarter to Rs 611.62 crore. According to the exchange filing, the company's revenue from the grooming segment grew 23.02 percent YoY to Rs 648.9 crore during the quarter under review. However, oral care revenue fell 5.11 percent YoY to Rs 132.92 crore in the reporting quarter. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Meanwhile, in a separate filing, Gillette India informed its Director &amp;amp; CFO Gautam Kamath has tendered his resignation as he moves for global role as Vice President Corporate Strategy in the P&amp;amp;G Global Headquarters. The company has appointed Srividya Srinivasan as CFO of the Company and Additional (Executive) Director effective from November 1. At 10:07 am, Gillette India shares were trading over 9 percent higher at Rs 9,290 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 43 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 48 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Zomato; target of Rs 284: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Zomato In Q2FY25, revenue surged 68.5% YoY to reach Rs 4,799cr, driven by strong performance in key segments. The India food ordering and delivery segment witnessed a 30.1% YoY increase in revenue to Rs 2,012cr, whereas Hyperpure and quick-commerce businesses saw an increase of 97.7% and 128.9% YoY, respectively. EBITDA stood at Rs 226cr, largely driven by platform fees and higher ad revenue, and might only witness a stable rise in the near term. The EBITDA margin increased to 4.7% from 1.7% in Q2FY24, primarily driven by revenue increases, partly offset by elevated operating expenses, which included wage increases and expenditures associated with the expansion of BlinkIt. The expansion of the food delivery sector is likely to be driven by an increase in user acquisition and order frequency, while the average order value (AOV) is expected to experience modest annual growth in low single digits amid a challenging demand situation in the quick service restaurant (QSR) industry. Outlook Hence, we reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a revised target price of Rs 284 based on 8.5x FY26E price/ sales. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ramco Industries jumps over 6% as 14 million shares exchange hands in two block deals [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Ramco Industries surged over 6 percent to Rs 247 per share on October 29 after 14.1 million shares, representing 16.2 percent of the company’s equity, changed hands in two large block deals, according to Bloomberg data. In an exchange filing, Ramco Cements disclosed that its board approved the disinvestment of 1.4 crore shares (approximately 14 million shares) of Ramco Industries to Rajapalayam Mills and Ramco Management—all of whom, including Ramco Cements, serve as promoters of Ramco Industries. “The transaction will be conducted as an inter-se promoter transfer between the company, Ramco Management, and Rajapalayam Mills. Post-completion, there will be no change in the management or control of the company,&quot; the company clarified, emphasising that this stake realignment will not affect operations. ALSO READ: Accumulate The Ramco Cements; target of Rs 866: KR Choksey Ramco Industries is a leading manufacturer of building materials, including fibre-cement sheets, calcium silicate boards, and other durable construction products. The company also operates in the textile-yarn segment, contributing to its diversified portfolio. So far this year, shares of Ramco Industries have surged 10 percent, as compared to 12 percent rise in the benchmark Nifty 50 index. In the latest September quarter, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) marginally reduced their stake to 0.96 percent, down from 0.98 percent in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, mutual fund holdings remained steady at 2.63 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BEL bags bullish calls after Q2 result beat estimates; multibagger stock up 104% in a year [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bharat Electronics (BEL) are in focus on October 29 after the defence and aerospace company's fiscal second-quarter earnings beat Street estimates, driven by better-than-expected margin performance. Morgan Stanley has given an overweight call on 'BEL', setting a target price of Rs 364 per share. The company is projecting revenue growth of 15 percent for F25, with order inflow anticipated at Rs 25,000 crore and a gross margin of 42 percent. The near-term outlook is positive, with confidence in maintaining a 15 percent revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) over the next five years. Additionally, there are plans to increase the revenue CAGR to 17.5 percent, supported by strong prospects for order inflows. BEL posted a standalone net profit of Rs 1,091.27 crore in Q2FY25, a 34 percent on-year. Revenue from operations rose 14.8 percent YoY to Rs 4,583.41 crore, led by a strong order book. The company reported an EBITDA of Rs 1,399 crore with a margin of 30.4 percent. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action BEL's order inflows stood at Rs 7,400 crore during 1HFY25. Analysts at Motilal Oswal expect defense ordering to start ramping up in the coming quarters. &quot;We expect BEL to remain a key beneficiary of the same, with key focus areas being from naval, EW systems, artillery systems, platform orders, Kavach, exports, et al,&quot; they said. The brokerage maintained its estimates and expects sales, EBITDA, and PAT CAGRs of 19 percent, 19 percent, and 22 percent, respectively, over FY24-27. &quot;We expect operating cash flow (OCF)/Free cash flow (FCF) to remain strong over FY25-27, led by control over working capital,&quot; it said. BEL had a cash surplus of Rs 11,000 crore (as of FY24), providing scope for further capacity expansion, analysts noted. BEL stock is currently trading at 33.1x/27.4x on FY26E/FY27E EPS. &quot;We maintain our estimates and continue to value the company at 35x two-year forward earnings,&quot; said Motilal Oswal as it reiterated a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 360. A slowdown in order inflows from the defense and non-defense segments, increased competition, further delays in finalization of large tenders, a sharp rise in commodity prices, and delays in payments from MoD can adversely impact estimates on revenues, margins, and cash flows, it added. Also Read | Small-caps run the risk of extended selloff as earnings slow BEL shares closed nearly a percent lower at Rs 269.85 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 46 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 104 percent, more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 29, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The output of cotton in the kharif season 2024-25 (Jul-Jun) in Rajasthan is expected to be up nearly 134% at 6.1 million tonnes from 2.6 million tonnes in the kharif season last year, according to the first advance estimates of area, production and yield released by the state's agriculture department. The total area sown under kharif crops in Rajasthan was 16 million hectares, down from 16.3 million hectares sown in the previous year, the report said. Total food grain production in the current kharif season is likely to rise 25.1% on year to 11.2 million tonnes, according to the report. Under food grains, maize output is seen rising 13.7% to 2.3 million tonnes, while bajra output is predicted to rise 12% on year to 4.9 million tonnes.The state's moong production is pegged to rise sharply by 119.3% on year to 1.8 million tonnes from 812,102 tonnes in the kharif season last year, the report showed. Similarly, urad output is seen rising 31.6% on year to 196,359 tonnes, while tur production in the current kharif season is expected to be 6,330 tonnes, up from 4,246 tonnes a year ago. The total production of oilseeds in the state is seen rising 11.5% on year to 4.1 million tonnes from 3.7 million tonnes in the previous kharif season. Under oilseeds, groundnut production is likely to rise 12.6% on year to 2.3 million tonnes, while soybean output is predicted to rise to 1.4 million tonnes from 1.3 million tonnes produced in the kharif season last year, the report showed. The output of guar, a major crop in the state, for the current kharif season is seen up 13.4% on year to 1.7 million tonnes, while sugarcane production is pegged to rise to 382,280 tonnes from 362,762 tonnes a year ago, according to the report. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open higher on October 29, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,387, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Indian equity markets snapped a five-day losing streak and ended on a strong note on October 28, with the Nifty inching closer to 24,500, intraday, amid buying across sectors especially banking and metal stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 602.75 points or 0.76 percent at 80,005.04, and the Nifty was up 158.35 points or 0.65 percent at 24,339.15. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Gains) The GIFT Nifty is trading firm, indicating a positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,387 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian indices were trading mixed Taiwan Weighted down a percent, while Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 and Topix were trading in the green. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.37 -5.05 4.98 Nikkei 0.13 -4 7.56 Hang Seng 0.61 -1.60 23.43 Taiwan -1.14 2.04 23.03 Kospi -0.29 -4.19 -7.48 US Equities (Up) Wall Street closed higher on Monday ahead of a packed week of earnings from megacap companies and the final stretch before the Nov. 5 presidential election, while sentiment improved after energy supplies were not disrupted by weekend developments in the Middle East. The S&amp;amp;P 500 gained 15.4 points, or 0.27%, to 5,823.52, while the Nasdaq Composite gained 48.58 points, or 0.26%, to 18,567.19. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 273.17 points, or 0.65%, to 42,387.57. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.65 0.47 13.64 S&amp;amp;P500 0.27 1.39 23.37 Nasdaq 0.26 2.41 24.98 US Bond Yield (Down) US 10-Year Treasury shed 42 bps at 4.26 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury fell 41 bps at 4.12 percent in the early trade on Tuesday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.26 3.78 4.89 US 2-Year Treasury 4.12 3.64 5.05 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar eased a touch, though remained not too far from its recent high ahead of major U.S. data releases later in the week that could determine the path for Federal Reserve policy. The dollar index was little changed at 104.25. The dollar was headed for its best month in 2-1/2-years on Tuesday, as it eyed a 3.5% gain against a basket of currencies. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.25 100.77 106.12 Asian currencies (Mixed) The Asian currencies were trading mixed in the early trade on Tuesday with Indonesian Rupiah, Taiwan Dollar, China Renminbi led the losers. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.490 -3.71 -2.06 South Korean Won 0.115 -4.97 -6.67 Japanese Yen 0.190 -6.13 -7.82 Philippines Peso 0.150 -3.66 -4.78 Thai Baht 0.116 -3.92 1.47 Taiwan Dollar -0.084 -1.36 -4.74 China Renminbi -0.109 -1.55 -0.411 Malaysian Ringgit -0.014 -5.47 5.30 Singapore Dollar -0.023 -2.88 -0.204 Crude (Gains) Oil prices gained some lost ground on Tuesday after falling 6% in the previous session after Saturday's retaliatory strike by Israel against Iran's military bypassed oil and nuclear facilities, not disrupting energy supplies. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.52 -0.67 -5.48 Brent Crude 0.55 -0.04 -6.87 Gold (Up) Gold and Silver prices were trading marginally higher at around USD 2748 per ounce and USD 33.8 per ounce, respectively, in the early trade on Tuesday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.20 4.28 33.21 Silver 0.22 8.28 41 .80 LME Commodities (Down) Commodities price were trading mostly lower in the early trade on Tuesday with Aluminium falling over a percent, and Nickel shed nearly a percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -1.20 1.30 10.97 Copper -0.64 -2.93 11.48 Nickel -0.94 -8.56 -3.54 Lead -0.76 -3.13 -1.84 Zinc 1.19 1.55 18.10 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,228 crore on October 28, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 1,400 crore on the same day. 28th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,228.08 -88,046.93 -2,30,583.12 DII Net Flows 1,400.85 1,30,371.91 4,35,955.62 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Bharti Airtel, Adani Power, Suzlon, Federal Bank, Quess Corp, Genesys International in focus on Tuesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, and quarterly earnings, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Maruti Suzuki India, Cipla, Adani Enterprises, Adani Ports, Canara Bank, SBI Cards and Payment Services, Allied Blenders and Distillers, Marico, Container Corporation of India, Deepak Fertilisers, Edelweiss Financial Services, Engineers India, Five-Star Business Finance, Genus Power Infrastructures, Glaxosmithkline Pharma, Godrej Agrovet, HUDCO, Laxmi Organic Industries, MTAR Technologies, Prestige Estates Projects, Shriram Asset Management, Star Health and Allied Insurance Company, Symphony, Voltas, and Websol Energy System will announce their quarterly earnings scorecard on October 29. Quarterly Earnings Bharti Airtel Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit declines 13.6% to Rs 3,593.2 crore Vs Rs 4,160 crore Revenue grows 7.7% to Rs 41,473.3 crore Vs Rs 38,506.4 crore EBITDA increases 10.4% to Rs 22,020.9 crore Vs Rs 19,944.2 crore Margin expands to 53.1% Vs 51.8% Exceptional loss at Rs 853.7 crore Vs exceptional gain of Rs 735 crore Other income falls to Rs 254.7 crore Vs Rs 363.5 crore Tax expenses jump to Rs 1,744 crore Vs Rs 1,307.8 crore Federal Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 10.8% to Rs 1,057 crore Vs Rs 954 crore Net interest income increases 15.1% to Rs 2,367 crore Vs Rs 2,056 crore Gross NPA falls to 2.09% Vs 2.11% (QoQ) Net NPA slips to 0.57% Vs 0.6% (QoQ) JSW Infrastructure Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 46% to Rs 371.5 crore Vs Rs 254.4 crore Revenue grows 18% to Rs 1,001.4 crore Vs Rs 848.3 crore Tata Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 1.9% to Rs 157.4 crore Vs Rs 160.4 crore Revenue grows 2.2% to Rs 1,296.5 crore Vs Rs 1,269.2 crore EBITDA increases 10% to Rs 235.5 crore Vs Rs 214.3 crore Margin expands sharply to 18.2% Vs 16.9% Tata Technologies collaborates with Air India to transform the Air India Aircrafts for delivering travel experience Suzlon Energy Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 96.1% to Rs 200.6 crore Vs Rs 102.3 crore Revenue spikes 47.7% to Rs 2,093 crore Vs Rs 1,417.2 crore Adani Power Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit plunges 50% to Rs 3,297.5 crore Vs Rs 6,594.2 crore Revenue grows 2.7% to Rs 13,338.9 crore Vs Rs 12,990.6 crore Other income falls to Rs 724 crore Vs Rs 1,945.1 crore Tax expenses stand at Rs 836.6 crore Vs Tax Credit at Rs 1,370.6 crore Spandana Sphoorty Financial Q2 (YoY) Loss stands at Rs 216 crore Vs profit of Rs 125 crore Net interest income rises 9% to Rs 341 crore Vs Rs 312 crore Impairment jumps sharply to Rs 516 crore Vs Rs 90 crore Gross NPA spikes to 4.86% Vs 2.6% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 0.99% Vs 0.53% (QoQ) Kalpataru Projects International Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 40% to Rs 126 crore Vs Rs 90 crore Revenue grows 9% to Rs 4,930 crore Vs Rs 4,518 crore EBITDA soars 18% to Rs 438 crore Vs Rs 371 crore Margin expands to 8.9% Vs 8.2% Indraprastha Gas Q2 (Standalone QoQ) Profit increases 7.5% to Rs 431 crore Vs Rs 401 crore Revenue rises 5% to Rs 3,697.3 crore Vs Rs 3,520.6 crore EBITDA falls 7.9% to Rs 536 crore Vs Rs 582 crore Margin drops 200 bps to 14.5% Vs 16.5% Other income jumps to Rs 149.3 crore Vs Rs 72.7 crore Restaurant Brands Asia Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss widens to Rs 65.5 crore Vs Rs 50.65 crore Revenue rises 1.2% to Rs 632.4 crore Vs Rs 624.9 crore EBITDA jumps 12.4% to Rs 63.2 crore Vs Rs 56.2 crore Margin expands 100 bps to 10% Vs 9% Ajanta Pharma Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 11% to Rs 216 crore Vs Rs 195 crore Revenue grows 15% to Rs 1,187 crore Vs Rs 1,028 crore EBITDA rises 7% to Rs 311 crore Vs Rs 291 crore Pfizer Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 6.3% to Rs 158.4 crore Vs Rs 149 crore Revenue rises 2.3% to Rs 588.6 crore Vs Rs 575.2 crore Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 10.6% to Rs 303 crore Vs Rs 274 crore Net interest income increases 12% to Rs 596 crore Vs Rs 532.7 crore Gross NPA falls to 1.37% Vs 1.44% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.46% Vs 0.65% (QoQ) Quess Corp Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 32% to Rs 93.6 crore Vs Rs 70.9 crore Revenue grows 9.1% to Rs 5,179.4 crore Vs Rs 4,748.3 crore Genesys International Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands at Rs 11.09 crore Vs loss of Rs 3.4 crore Revenue spikes 117% to Rs 72 crore Vs Rs 33.2 crore Stocks To Watch Tata Power The company has executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Khorlochhu Hydro Power (KHPL) for the acquisition of a 40% stake in KHPL for Rs 830 crore. The investment will be made in one or more tranches in the equity stake of KHPL. Infosys The IT services company has completed the acquisition of Blitz 24-893 SE, Germany, through its subsidiary, Infosys Singapore Pte. Dr Reddy's Laboratories The pharma company has launched Elobixibat, a drug to treat chronic constipation, in India. It will market Elobixibat under the brand name BixiBat. Bulk Deals Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India Macquarie Emerging Markets Asian Trading and Macquarie Bank each acquired a 0.74% stake in the construction company at an average price of Rs 180.16 per share and Rs 179.21 per share, respectively. Additionally, Kirtan Maneklal Rupareliya bought a 1.2% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 178.92 per share. Flair Writing Industries New Mark Capital AIF LLP bought a 0.6% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 280 per share. Vadilal Enterprises Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal sold a 0.53% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 4,070 per share. SME Listing on October 29 Danish Power, United Heat Transfer, OBSC Perfection Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend Infosys, Embassy Office Parks REIT, Route Mobile Stock Trades Ex-Date for Ex-Split Quasar India F&amp;amp;O Ban Punjab National Bank, Dixon Technologies, Escorts Kubota, IDFC First Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade TCS, Firstsource, Tata Motors, LIC Housing Finance, Asian Paints, PVR INOX and others on Tuesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices gained strength for the first time in the last six consecutive sessions on October 28, although they still traded below the 20-, 50-, and 100-day moving averages. The breadth was also positive, with about 1,730 shares advancing against 817 declining shares on the NSE. The Nifty 50 needs to climb above these moving averages for a sustainable uptrend; until then, the trend may remain in favour of the bears. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Mehul Kothari, DVP – Technical Research at Anand Rathi LIC Housing Finance | CMP: Rs 618.5 Recently, LIC Housing Finance has shown a bullish divergence on the daily chart around the Rs 580-600 support zone, suggesting a potential upward reversal. This support zone aligns with the R3 level on the yearly Camarilla pivot, which previously acted as resistance but has now transitioned into a support level, enhancing its attractiveness for a bullish trade setup. Additionally, the price action has broken above a bearish trendline, indicating a shift in trend, as seen on the chart. Given these technical signals, a long position is advised in the Rs 610-620 range, with an upside target of Rs 665. For risk management, a stop-loss is recommended near Rs 590 on a daily close basis to safeguard against downside risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 665 Stop-Loss: Rs 590 Fine Organics Industries | CMP: Rs 4,683.65 Like other midcap stocks, Fine Organics has undergone a heavy correction in the past few weeks and is now in an oversold zone. The stock has retraced almost 78.6 percent of its previous move. As of now, it has found support at the flat line of the Ichimoku system. Going ahead, a move above Rs 4,750 might result in a short-term pullback in the stock. Thus, traders are advised to buy the stock only above Rs 4,750 for an upside target of Rs 4,950. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,950 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,650 DCX Systems | CMP: Rs 306 DCX Systems has corrected over 35 percent from the peak of Rs 450 during this fall. The stock has retraced 78.6 percent of the previous rally and has also found support at the rising trendline. This support coincides with the support formed by the Ichimoku system. We expect a decent bounce in the coming session. Thus, we advise traders to go long in the stock near Rs 300 for an upside target of Rs 285. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 330 Stop-Loss: Rs 285 Jay Thakkar, Vice President &amp;amp; Head of Derivatives and Quant Research at ICICI Securities Asian Paints | CMP: Rs 3,001.85 Asian Paints has formed a falling wedge pattern, which is a bullish reversal pattern. The momentum indicator MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) has provided a positive divergence on the hourly charts and is on the cusp of reversing on the daily charts as well, from sell to buy. This indicates a higher chance of a bounce back from a short-term perspective. Additionally, the decline in international crude prices should support this stock’s bounce back from current levels. The stock has seen significant Call unwinding at the Rs 3,000 strike, and the next highest Call base is at Rs 3,100, suggesting a higher likelihood of short covering from the current levels. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,060, Rs 3,100 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,950 Tata Motors | CMP: Rs 878.5 Tata Motors has taken support at its previous swing low formed on the general election results day. The momentum indicator MACD has provided a bullish crossover on its hourly charts and has been moving up with a positive divergence. The daily MACD is also in the oversold territory, enhancing the probability of an upside. There has been significant Call writing at higher levels, ranging from Rs 900 to Rs 1,000; however, short covering is expected until the monthly expiry, as the stock has not seen any major short buildup in the futures segment since October 18. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 895, Rs 910 Stop-Loss: Rs 855 Tata Consultancy Services | CMP: Rs 4,090.85 TCS has underperformed its benchmark index Nifty IT during this results season; however, it now seems that the stock is ready for a bounce back. The hourly MACD is showing positive divergence, and the daily MACD is on the verge of providing a bullish reversal. The stock has also provided a short-term falling trendline breakout after forming a Doji candlestick pattern on the lower side, indicating a possible halt in the previous downtrend and a likely reversal due to short covering. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,170, Rs 4,200 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,020 Santosh Meena, Head of Research at Swastika Investmart Firstsource Solutions | CMP: Rs 372.55 Firstsource Solutions is displaying strong bullish momentum, having resumed its upward trend after breaking out of a rectangle formation. This breakout was accompanied by significant volume and positive earnings, underscoring the bullish sentiment. Currently, the price is comfortably positioned above key moving averages, with momentum indicators also reflecting a positive bias. Going forward, the breakout level around Rs 340 will serve as a support level on any pullback, reinforcing the overall bullish structure. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 440 Stop-Loss: Rs 340 PVR INOX | CMP: Rs 1,530.5 PVR INOX is rebounding from its 200-DMA (Daily Moving Average), which aligns with the 50 percent retracement level of the previous swing rally. It has also managed to close above its 100-DMA, indicating a strengthening trend. However, the 20-DMA near Rs 1,600 will act as immediate resistance, with Rs 1,660 as the next target. Momentum indicators, particularly the RSI (Relative Strength Index), are showing a positive crossover from the oversold zone, suggesting renewed buying interest and potential for further upside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,660 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,440 Indigo Paints | CMP: Rs 1,643 Indigo Paints is poised to break through a multi-month resistance around the Rs 1,700 mark, signaling the potential for a sharp rally toward the Rs 2,000 level. During its recent pullback, it found support at the 20-DMA and formed a bullish Marubozu candlestick, reinforcing the strength of the current uptrend. Momentum indicators align with this bullish bias, suggesting further upside potential in the coming sessions. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,500. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral NTPC; target of Rs 450: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on NTPC NTPC reported standalone 2QFY25 EBITDA of INR96.7b (-8% YoY), 19% below our estimate of INR119b. Sharp rise in other opex (INR55b vs. INR34b in 2QFY24) led to the miss at the EBITDA level. On a consolidated basis, EBITDA was down 8% YoY in 2QFY25, while PAT rose 14% YoY, boosted by substantial regulatory deferral income of INR23b for the quarter. Standalone revenue for 2QFY25 at INR403b came in 3% below estimate (our est. of INR417b, -1% YoY) due to a decrease in the average coal price, which fell from INR3,791/tonne to INR3,584/tonne. Outlook Our TP of INR450 for NTPC is based on: Value of INR266 for the standalone business at Dec’26E P/B of 2.5x. Value of INR24 for other subsidiaries and INR64 for JV/associates at Dec’26E P/B of 2.5x. Value of INR91 for the renewables business at 14x FY27E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Phoenix Mills; target of Rs : Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Phoenix Mills Phoenix Mills (PHNX) posted 2QFY25 revenue of INR9.2b, up 5% YoY (in line). EBITDA stood at INR5.2b, up 2% YoY (6% below est.) as margin contracted 143bp YoY. PAT declined by 14% YoY to INR2.2b (12% below est.), with a margin of ~24%. For 1HFY25, PHNX generated OCF (post-interest) of INR8.1b (down 8% YoY) and incurred INR13.8b on capex. It also received INR2.7b from JV partners, and hence, the consolidated net debt increased sequentially to INR24b. Outlook That said, we remain confident in the long-term consumption growth, which should be at least ~7-8%. We value the mature malls at 20x EV/EBITDA and the new malls at 25x EV/EBITDA. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,652. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral InterGlobe Aviation; target of Rs 4130: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on InterGlobe Aviation INDIGO reported a 26% YoY decline in EBITDA to INR16.2b in 2QFY25 and a net loss of INR9.9b (vs. our est. net loss of INR6.8b). Revenue passenger kilometers (RPK) stood at 31.6b. Passenger load factor (PLF) was 82.7% with available seat kilometers (ASK) of 38.2b (est. of 27.2b) and yield of INR4.55 (vs. est. of INR4.51, +2% YoY) in 2Q. Currently, over 60 aircraft of the company are grounded due to P&amp;amp;W engine issues, and the management believes this number would be in mid-40s in FY26. INDIGO added two new international destinations in 2Q and would add three more in FY25. Thus, capacity share in the international market is expected to reach its targeted level of 30% by FY25 end. Outlook The stock is trading at ~20x FY26E EPS of INR222.9 and ~10x FY26E EV/EBITDAR. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock with a TP of INR4,130, based on 8.5x Sep’26E EV/EBITDAR. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral IEX; target of Rs 200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IEX IEX delivered standalone revenue of INR1,392m in 2QFY25 (+28% YoY), in line with our estimate. Reported standalone PAT of INR1,061m came in 3% above our est. of INR1,025m (+28% YoY), mainly led by higher other income. IEX’s overall volumes rose 38% YoY in 2QFY25, with electricity market (DAM, TAM and RTM) volumes rising 15% YoY and renewable (RE) volumes surging 277% YoY. In 2QFY25, electricity demand growth slowed owing to 8% higher-thanaverage monsoon rains, with average power demand at 435BUs, up 0.5% YoY. IEX holds a dominant market position with a 99.5% share in the bilateral day-ahead market (DAM) and real-time market (RTM), and about 40% in the term-ahead market (TAM). Overall, IEX held a combined market share of 79% in 1HFY25. Outlook Our TP of INR200 for IEX is based on the following valuation: We value the business at Dec-26E EPS of 5.8 with a PE multiple of 34x. This compares with mean and mean+1 SD of 33x and 44x, respectively.We have not assumed any value for IGX stake in our valuation. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral IDFC First Bank; target of Rs 73: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IDFC First Bank IDFC First Bank (IDFCFB) reported 2QFY25 PAT of INR2b (73% YoY decline, significant miss to MOFSLe) due to a spike in provisions. NII grew 21% YoY to INR47.9b (in-line), while margin moderated 4bp QoQ to 6.18%. Opex grew 17.7% YoY to INR45.5b (inline). C/I ratio stood at ~70%. Net advances grew 20.7% YoY (6.2% QoQ) while deposits grew 30.6% YoY (6.6% QoQ), with CASA mix improving 230bp QoQ to 48.9%. GNPA ratio increased 2bp QoQ to 1.92% while NNPA ratio improved 11bp QoQ to 0.48%. Credit cost was higher, primarily due to the prudent provisioning buffer of INR5.68b. We cut our earnings by 18%/5% for FY25E/26E and estimate FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.0%/11.0%. Reiterate Neutral with a revised TP of INR73 (premised on 1.4x FY26E ABV). Outlook We cut our earnings by 18%/5% for FY25E/26E and estimate FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.0%/11.0%. Reiterate Neutral with a revised TP of INR73 (premised on 1.4x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Balkrishna Industries; target of Rs 2890: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Balkrishna Industries Balkrishna Industries (BIL)’s 2QFY25 was operationally better than expected with EBITDA of INR6.2b (+13% YoY, est. INR5.9b), led by better ASP and lower promotional expenses. However, Adj. PAT was in line. Weak demand in its key markets (ex India) remains the key cause of concern going forward even as margins are likely to stabilize at current levels for H2. Our earnings estimate remains unchanged. Most of the positives seem priced in at current valuations. We maintain our Neutral rating with a TP of INR2,890, based on ~24x Sep’26E EPS. Outlook At a P/E multiple of 34x/26x FY25E/FY26E EPS, most of the positives seem priced in. We value BIL at 24x Sep’26E EPS (vs ~22x, 10-year LPA) to arrive at our TP of INR2,890. We reiterate our Neutral stance on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Shriram Finance; target of Rs 4000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Shriram Finance Shriram Finance (SHFL)’s 2QFY25 PAT rose ~18% YoY to ~INR20.7b (in line), and PPoP grew 14% YoY to ~INR39.8b (in line). NII grew ~19% YoY to INR54.6b (in line), while reported NIM dipped ~5bp QoQ to ~8.75%. 1HFY25 PAT grew ~18% YoY to INR40.5b and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to grow by ~15% YoY Credit costs of ~INR12.3b (10% lower than MOFSLe) translated into annualized credit costs of ~2.1% (PQ: 2.1% and PY: 2.3%). Management guided that NIM can be maintained at the current levels or there can be a slight improvement. We model NIMs of 9.1%/9.4% in FY25/FY26. Outlook SHFL is effectively leveraging cross-selling opportunities to reach new customers and introduce new products, leading to improved operating metrics and a solid foundation for sustainable growth. The current valuation of ~1.8x FY26E BVPS is attractive for a ~19% PAT CAGR over FY24-27E and RoA/RoE of ~3.3%/18% in FY27E. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR4,000 (based on 2.2x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Poonawalla Fincorp; target of Rs 350: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Poonawalla Fincorp Poonawalla Fincorp (PFL)’s 2QFY25 loss stood at ~INR4.7b (MOFSLe: INR3b+). The company reported a loss in 2QFY25 mainly due to a one-time provision in STPL book of ~INR6.7b and a one-time opex of ~INR710m from investments in technology. PFL reported net loss ~INR1.8b in 1HFY25, and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to decline ~45% YoY. NII grew ~18% YoY to ~INR5.6b (8% miss), while its PPoP declined 17% YoY to ~INR2.8b (37% miss). Opex rose ~90% YoY to ~INR3.7b (~40% higher than estimates), with C/I ratio increasing QoQ to ~57% (PQ: 36% and PY: ~37%). Provisions stood at INR9.1b, including one-time provisions on the STPL book. Outlook The near-term outlook will warrant a detailed understanding of the various pillars of execution, and we will look forward to more clarity before taking any rating action. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR350 (premised on 2.7x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on ICICI Bank ICICI Bank (ICICIBC) has reported six glorious years of performance since Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi took charge as MD &amp;amp; CEO on 15th Oct’18. The bank has consistently beaten street estimates on one or the other metric, even as the macro environment changed considerably over the years. Just when it seems that the opportunities for positive surprises are exhausted and there is an uphill climb ahead, the bank comes up with another ace up its sleeve, thereby awing everyone with its superlative performance. During 2QFY25, ICICIBC reported 14.5% YoY growth in PAT (8% beat), driven by controlled provisions and further improvement in operating leverage. Outlook We increase our EPS estimates by 2.8%/1.8% for FY25/FY26 and estimate RoA/RoE of 2.19%/17.4% in FY26. We expect the bank to sustain a ~12% CAGR in PAT over FY24-26. Reiterate BUY with a revised SoTP-based TP of INR1,500 (2.6x Sep26E ABV + INR260 for subs; vs INR1,400 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Home First Finance; target of Rs 1320: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Home First Finance Home First Finance (HOMEFIRS)’s 2QFY25 PAT grew 24% YoY to INR922m (in line). 1HFY25 PAT grew 25% YoY to ~INR1.8b and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to grow ~23% YoY. NII grew 19% YoY to INR1.57b (in line). Other income grew 46% YoY to INR421m (12% above MOFSLe), aided by higher fee income during the quarter. Opex grew 28% YoY to INR726m. PPoP rose ~21% YoY to INR1.3b (in line). Credit costs at INR57m translated into annualized credit costs of ~20bp (PQ: ~22bp and PY: ~40bp). After taking PLR hike in Aug’24, yields expanded ~10bp QoQ, which offset the ~10bp QoQ increase in CoB. Spreads were stable at ~5.1%. The management informed that almost two-thirds of the yield hike is reflected in the portfolio yields and the remaining benefit will accrue in 3QFY25. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR1,320 (premised on 3.7x Sep’26E BVPS).  Key downside risks: a) a sharp contraction in spreads and margins in order to sustain the business momentum and b) higher BT-outs leading to lower AUM growth. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DLF; target of Rs 925: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on DLF DLF reported weak pre-sales bookings of INR7b in 2QFY25 due to the lack of launches amid approval delays. The company sustains momentum in its ultra-luxury project, The Camellias, in DLF 5, with bookings of INR1.8b. With the balance inventory of INR21b, launches will be key to driving its pre-sales growth. DLF received approvals for ‘The Dahlias’ in the first week of Oct’24 and is in the pre-launch stage. DLF aims to launch INR410b worth of projects across its core markets (up INR50b vs. 4QFY24), which would lead to 23% YoY pre-sales growth in FY25. Beyond FY25, the company has set a project pipeline worth INR635b to be launched over 2-3 years. Outlook Wherein land contributes INR1,233b, andDCCDL valued at INR708b. Gross NAV comes out to be INR2,349b, which afternet debt of INR63b (incl. DCCDL), comes out to be INR2,285b. We upgrade toBUY with a revised TP of INR925. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy CreditAccess Grameen; target of Rs 1155: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on CreditAccess Grameen CreditAccess Grameen (CREDAG)’s 2QFY25 PAT declined ~46% YoY to ~INR1.86b (~29% miss). 1HFY25 PAT declined ~16% YoY to ~INR5.8b, and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to decline ~38% YoY. NII in 2QFY25 grew ~22% YoY to ~INR9.3b and PPoP rose 19% YoY to ~INR6.7b. Cost-to-income ratio stood at ~31% (PY: ~32% and PQ: ~29%). Reported yields improved ~10bp QoQ to ~21.1%, and CoF was stable QoQ at 9.8%. Reported NIM rose ~50bps QoQ to ~13.5%. Average disbursement yields remained stable QoQ at ~21.3% in 2QFY25. We model NIMs of 14.7%/14.5% for FY25/FY26. Outlook With a strong capital position (Tier-1 of ~25%), it is well equipped to navigate any potential disruptions in the sector. Reiterate BUY with a revised TP of INR1,155 (based on 1.8x Sep’26E P/BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coromandel International; target of Rs 2000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Coromandel International Coromandel International (CRIN) reported subdued operating performance in 2QFY25 (EBIT down 10% YoY) due to a lower NBS rate and high raw material prices, partly offset by healthy performance from the crop protection business (EBIT up 24% YoY). With improved reservoir levels and forecasts of above-normal northeast monsoons, the company is expecting healthy growth in fertilizer volumes in the upcoming quarters. This, coupled with the bottoming out of agrochemical prices, should lead to better performance in 2HFY25. We maintain our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates. We value the company at ~25x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at a TP of 2,000. Reiterate BUY. Outlook We maintain our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates. We value the company at ~25x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at our TP of 2,000. Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Atul; target of Rs 9995: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Atul Atul (ATLP) reported in-line revenue in 2QFY25. Revenue in the Life Science Chemicals segment increased 13% YoY, while it rose 18% YoY in the Performance &amp;amp; Other Chemicals segment. Gross margin came in at 53.1% (+900bp YoY), while EBITDAM expanded 440bp YoY to 17.4%. PAT increased 53% YoY to INR1.4b in 2QFY25. The Life Science segment performance was fueled by an increased demand for intermediates used in the pharma and personal care industries, with high demand for crop protection chemicals in the international market. Performance Chemicals’ sales and profitability were aided by an improvement in demand for epoxy and sulphones product groups, along with an improved performance of the subsidiaries. Outlook The stock is trading at ~33x FY26E EPS of INR224 and ~19x FY26E EV/EBITDA. We value the stock at 40x Sep’26E EPS (discount of 9% to five-year average of 45x) to arrive at our TP of INR9,995. We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk deals: Macquarie Emerging Markets sells 0.68% stake in Deepak Builders & Engineers [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bulk deals Kirtan Maneklal Rupareliya purchased 558,000 shares of Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India at an average price of Rs 178.92 per share. The Macquarie Emerging Markets Asian Trading Pte Limited and Macquarie Bank Limited sold total 6,88,977 shares at an average price of 179.68 per share. Also, Flair Writing Industries Ltd witnessed a bulk deal by New Mark Capital as it purchased 660,700 shares at an average price of Rs 280 per share. Institutional investors Eubilia Capital Partners Fund I bought 68,400 shares of Eco-solutions sector company GP Eco Solutions India Ltd at an average price of Rs 258.19. The Leading Light Fund VCC The Triumph Fund sold shares 50,400 of Rappid Valves (India) Ltd at an average price of Rs 250.25. Another bulk deal by Holani Venture Capital Fund-I was seen as it purchased 26,000 shares of Signoria Creation Limited at an average price of Rs 140.9 per share. Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal sold 4,600 shares of Vadilal Enterprises Ltd at an average price of Rs 4,070 per share. Block Deal Today, Dodona Holdings Limited sold 1,156,170 shares of Trent Ltd. to Siddhartha Yog in a block deal at Rs 7,255 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Market bounces back; Nifty above 24,300, Sensex up 603 points [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity markets snaped a five-day losing streak and ended on a strong note on October 28, with the Nifty inching closer to 24,500, intraday, amid buying across sectors especially banking and metal stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 602.75 points or 0.76 percent at 80,005.04, and the Nifty was up 158.35 points or 0.65 percent at 24,339.15. Despite mixed global cues, the Indian indices opened on a positive note and extended the gains during the day however, profit booking at higher levels erased some of the intraday gains. Also Read - Adani Enterprises Q2 Preview: Firm likely to see increase in revenue, EBITDA on back of diversified business model Biggest Nifty gainers included Shriram Finance, Adani Enterprises, ICICI Bank, Eicher Motors and Wipro, while losers were Coal India, Bajaj Auto, Axis Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and Hero MotoCorp. All the sectoral indices ended in the green with PSU Bank index rose 3.8 percent, Metal index added 2.5 percent, while pharma, media, realty up more than 1 percent each. The BSE midcap index was up 0.7 percent and smallcap index gained 1 percent. More than 130 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Anup Engineering, CarTrade Tech, Cigniti Technologies, Coforge, Deepak Fertiliers, Firstsource Solutions, Kirloskar Pneumatic, Poly Medicure, Sharda Crop, Thyrocare Technologies, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 140 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Aether Industries, Anupam Rasayan, Birla Corp, CreditAccess Grameen, Delhivery, GNFC, IDFC First Bank, Mahindra Life, Mishra Dhatu, Nestle, Poonawalla Fincorp, Prince Pipes, Rajesh Exports, Relaxo Footweare, Tanla Platforms, TCI Express, Trident, Vodafone Idea, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 29 Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares Indian markets commenced the truncated week on a firm note under the leadership of Banking counters and in the presence of a follow-through momentum, the Index compounded its gains for most of the session; however, in the last hour of the trading session, a reversal was seen which dragged the Index lower to end the session at 24,339.15 with gains of 158.35 points. All the sectors ended the day in green with PSU Banks and Metal being the top performers. Mid and Smallcaps also surged by 0.83% &amp;amp; 1.20% respectively and outperformed the Benchmark Index. The Index has made a Spinning Top candlestick pattern which suggests indecisiveness. We will wait for a convincing move above 24,600 where it will give a breakout from two different patterns: 1) a change in polarity and 2) Falling Wedge; whereas, on the lower side, the zone of 24,100-24,180 will act as a strong support area. Ajit Mishra – SVP, Research, Religare Broking Markets opened the week on a positive note, gaining over half a percent, pausing after the recent decline. Following an initial dip, the Nifty recovered strongly, briefly testing the 24,500 resistance level in the first half; however, profit-taking in the latter half trimmed the day’s gains. Ultimately, it closed at 24,339.15, up by 0.6%. All major sectors contributed to the recovery, with metals, realty, and pharma among the top gainers. The broader indices also saw some relief, each gaining nearly a percent. Participants should not read much into a single day rebound and await a decisive close above 24,500 to signal further recovery, as a failure to do so could lead to a resumption of the decline. Traders are advised to maintain a cautious approach, keeping positions balanced on both sides, with a focus on large-cap and mid-cap leaders while avoiding averaging down loss-making positions.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: India fares better than EM peers in attracting FII funds this year despite high valuations [/INST] The full article is as follows: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) displayed a mixed outlook on emerging markets (EMs) in 2024, with notable capital outflows from major players like China and Brazil. In stark contrast, India managed to attract modest positive inflows, highlighting its resilience and appeal as a stable investment destination amidst global uncertainties. India’s FII Inflows Stand Out Amid EM Challenges Recent data reveals a significant divergence in capital flows: India saw small but positive FII inflows, while China, Brazil, and several other prominent EMs faced substantial capital outflows. Key reasons for this trend, according to analysts, include: China’s Property Market Meltdown: The ongoing turmoil in China's property sector and broader economic challenges have raised alarm bells for investors. Concerns about growth, regulatory crackdowns, and the stability of major industries have led many FIIs to reassess their commitments to China, prompting a shift in focus towards more stable markets like India. Macroeconomic Stability: India’s robust GDP growth projections and sound macroeconomic policies have enhanced its attractiveness. With controlled inflation and a stable monetary framework, India emerges as a relatively safe investment haven in a turbulent global environment. The expansive consumer market and burgeoning middle class in India continue to lure foreign investors seeking long-term growth opportunities. Investor Sentiment: The overall perception of India as a growth engine, coupled with the stability of its democratic framework, further strengthens its position. This sentiment contrasts sharply with the increasing unpredictability in China and Brazil, leading FIIs to favor India over other emerging markets. Generally emerging markets (EMs) like India tend to attract more foreign money in a declining interest rate cycle, courtesy of a carry trade, which sees foreign institutional investors (FIIs) borrowing cheaper at home to invest in higher yielding, riskier EM assets, according to Andrew Holland, CEO, Avendus Capital Alternate Strategies. High Valuations Remain a Concern for Indian Markets While India has successfully attracted FII inflows, its market valuations are among the highest globally. Comparisons of year-to-date returns with forward P/E ratios reveal that India commands a significant premium compared to many of its EM counterparts. One key distinction between India and other EMs is its economic structure. While many EMs depend heavily on manufacturing, commodities, and exports, India is primarily service-driven, with a stronger focus on consumption. &quot;This structure insulates India from the cyclical volatility affecting other EMs reliant on commodity exports,&quot; said Prashant Jain, Fund Manager and CIO- 3P Investment Managers. This unique composition not only reduces volatility but also leads to a higher return on equity (RoE), making Indian companies and markets more appealing to long-term investors. &amp;nbsp; Currently, nearly two-thirds of India's premium over other emerging markets can be attributed to rising valuations in India, while the remaining one-third results from the derating of other EMs, Jain said. As a result, India's premium is not overly concerning; however, it does raise questions about the relative attractiveness of other emerging markets. Despite premium valuations, India’s dollar-based returns over the past year lag behind those of markets like the U.S. and Taiwan, raising concerns about potential overheating. Elevated valuations may lead to skepticism regarding sustainability, especially if corporate earnings growth fails to keep pace. Investors might exercise caution regarding future returns from Indian equities unless earnings growth accelerates to validate the premium pricing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 28 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty held onto their early gains to close in the green on October 28, supported by buying in financial and oil &amp;amp; gas stocks. The market’s positive start was partly driven by easing concerns over the Middle East conflict. However, analysts remain cautious, highlighting potential downside risks as foreign institutional investors (FIIs) continue their outflow and recent corporate earnings have been disappointing. At close, the Sensex was up 602.75 points or 0.76 percent at 80,005.04, and the Nifty was up 158.40 points or 0.66 percent at 24,339.20. Market breadth tilted heavily in favour of gainers as about 2,470 shares rose, 1,357 fell and 151 were unchanged. Bank of Baroda | CMP: Rs 249.76 | Shares soared over 4 percent after the lender delivered a strong earnings performance for the July-September quarter, marked by its strongest asset quality in at least 10 years. The lender's net profit stood at Rs 5,238 crore in Q2, marking a 23.2 percent year-on-year growth while net interest income rose to Rs 11,622 crore, a 7.3 percent increase from Rs 10,831 crore in Q2FY24.The lender's asset quality also improved to the strongest in at least quarters as the gross non-performing assets (GNPA) ratio slipped to to 2.50 percent in Q2, sharply down from 3.32 percent in the base period. Praj Industries | CMP: Rs 701.35 | Shares dropped over a percent as investors dumped the stock after the company's disappointing earnings performance for the September quarter. The company's net profit slipped 14 percent on year to Rs 53.83 crore as compared to Rs 62.37 crore in the same period last fiscal. Revenue also dipped close to 7.5 percent on year to Rs 816.19 crore, down from Rs 882.33 crore in the base period. Interglobe Aviation | CMP: Rs 4,016 | Shares of IndiGo parent plunged 8 percent after the airline reported a net loss of Rs 987 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net profit of Rs 189 crore in the year-ago period. Despite the disappointing earnings, brokerages remained bullish on stock on account of healthy demand and efforts to improve its international presence through strategic partnerships and loyalty programs. DLF | CMP: Rs 821.55 | Shares of India's largest realty firm surged nearly 6 percent after the company reported a 121 percent YoY jump in its consolidated net profit at Rs 1,387 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's consolidated revenue surged 48 percent YoY to Rs 2,181 crore during the period under review. Bandhan Bank | CMP: Rs 184.35 | Shares surged 10 percent after registering robust July-September quarter (Q2FY25) led by 30 percent on-year rise in net profit. Brokerages were impressed by the results and retained their 'buy' calls, seeing up to 36 percent upside potential. Macquarie shared an 'outperform' call on Bandhan Bank and put out highest target price at Rs 250 per share. Given current valuations, analysts believe that the risk-reward appears favourable on account of growth and return-on-asset (RoA) trajectory. YES Bank | CMP: Rs 20.66 | The stock soared 7 percent following the announcement of stronger-than-expected results for the July-September quarter (Q2FY25). The bank posted a remarkable two-fold year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit, reaching Rs 553 crore in Q2FY25, compared to Rs 225 crore in the same period last year. Net interest income (NII) also registered solid growth, rising 14.3 percent YoY to Rs 2,200 crore from Rs 1,925 crore in Q2FY24. Shriram Finance | CMP: Rs 3,258 | Shares soared over 5 percent after brokerages were impressed with its upbeat July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance. Multiple 'buy' calls were issued as analysts expressed confidence on the company's steady performance, attractive valuations, and positive guidance for FY25.Shriram Finance reported net profit of Rs 2,071 crore in Q2FY25, up 18.3 percent YoY. The company's net interest income (NII) also increased by 16.3 percent YoY to Rs 5,606 crore in Q2FY25. The board has declared dividend of Rs 22 per share.However, the company net interest margin (NIM) decreased to 8.74 percent in Q2FY25 versus 8.8 percent in the previous quarter. ICICI Bank | CMP: Rs 1,294.40 | The lender's solid Q2 performance lifted its shares 3 percent higher. ICICI Bank's Q2 net profit rose 14.5 percent year-on-year to Rs 11,746 crore, surpassing market expectations. Net interest income (NII) increased by 9.5 percent YoY to Rs 20,048 crore, reflecting healthy growth, although net interest margins (NIM) declined by 26 basis points to 4.27 percent. IDFC First Bank | CMP: Rs 66.50 | Private sector lender's shares cracked after the bank reported a 73 percent decline in its September quarter standalone net profit. The lender reported a net profit at Rs 200.7 crore compared to Rs 751 crore reported by it in the year ago period. The Net Interest Income (NII) increased 21 percent to Rs 4,788 crore in Q2FY25 versus Rs 3,950 crore in the year ago period. Provisions for Q2 FY25 stood at Rs 1,732 crore, primarily on account of prudent provisioning buffer of Rs 568 crore, the bank said in a statement. Coal India | CMP: Rs 443.75 | State-run miner's shares fell 4 percent after the firm's earnings show for the quarter ended September came under expectations. Coal India reported a 22 percent drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 6,274.80 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 on the back of lower sales. It had posted consolidated net profit of Rs 8,048.64 crore in the year-ago period, according to a regulatory filing. Consolidated income of the world's largest coal miner in the July-September period dropped to Rs 32,177.92 crore, over Rs 34,760.30 crore in the second quarter of the previous fiscal.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1450: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on ICICI Bank ICICI Bank posted a 3% beat on PAT at Rs117bn and a superior RoA of 2.4% among peers, primarily due to healthy NII and better fees/treasury gains. Defying industry and peer trends, the bank clocked healthy credit growth at 15% YoY/4% QoQ, driven by some pick-up in corporate, business banking, and non-PL retail book. Deposit growth was equally healthy at 16% YoY/5% QoQ, while the bank maintains reasonable LCR at 120%. Amid most peers reporting higher NPAs, ICICIB continues to witness steady improvement in GNPA ratio to ~2%, while sustaining healthy specific PCR at 79%/contingent buffer @1% of loans amid rising stress in unsecured loans across industry. Management has indicated being cautious on unsecured loans (mainly PL), but believes that overall stress levels remain well below tolerable levels. ICICIB remains our preferred pick in the banking space, given its superior returns profile (RoA: &amp;gt;2%), top-management credibility, and strong capital/provision buffers. Outlook We retain BUY on ICICIB with TP of Rs1,450, rolling forward on 2.6x Sep-26E ABV (deserving premium over HDFCB @2.3x) and subsidiaries at Rs215/sh. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy KPIT Technologies; target of Rs 1760: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on KPIT Technologies KPIT Technologies maintainedits growth trajectory in Q2, with 4.7% q/q CC revenue growth. New TCV signed at $207m,up33% y/y, taking LTM to$859m, down 17.5% y/y, incl. mega deals in FY23. The book-to-bill of 1.2x (last 4 quarter average of 1.3x) and management talked of a strong deal pipeline with many large deals. The company plans to raise Rs28.8bn (~6% equity dilution) towards inorganic growth. The EBITDA margin declined 29bps sequentially and 82bps y/y to 20.8% after absorbing wage hikesand ESOP costs. Further, management is confident of achieving the lowerend of its revenue guidance; hence, we trim our FY25e/FY26erevenue 2.2%/3.6%. However, we see earnings improving 3% in FY25 given the one-time benefit (Rs 450m pretax) from reversal of an insurance claim. Outlook We introduce FY27 figures and lower our TP to Rs1,760 (from Rs2,000), based on 40x FY27e EPS. The TP revision includes Rs130/sh estimated value of the Qorix JV. The CMP reflects ~28% gains, resulting in a Buy (earlier Hold) recommendation. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Go Fashion India; target of Rs 1490: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Go Fashion India Despite the challenging retail environment Go Fashion’s Q2 revenue grew 10.4% y/y, in line with ARe, led by 0.5% SSSG. A better gross margin (240bps y/y to 63.1%) translated to a 53bp y/y EBITDA margin expansion (in line with our estimate) driven by a better product mix and low-cost inventory. The expansion would have been higher were SSSG better. Management lowered its FY25/FY26 net store addition guidance to 100/+120, fewer than the earlier 120-150 for FY25. It is optimizing its stores by closing smaller ones (&amp;lt;200 sq. ft.) in markets where larger stores (300- 500 sq.ft.) are also present. This would have a minimal revenue impact as sales are likely to shift to the larger stores. Continual stock optimization led to better working capital and healthy cashflow. Net cash reserves were higher (Rs2.4bn; Rs2bn at end-FY24). Management expects 15-20% y/y revenue growth in Q3 led by low/mid-single digit SSSG. Our FY25e/ 26e revenue/EBITDA are ~1.6% lower on average due to the reduced store expansion guidance. Promoter pledge release and SSSG betterment are key ahead. Outlook We retain our Buy, at a higher 12-mth TP of Rs1,490, 20x FY27e EV/EBITDA (earlier Rs1,366, 22x FY26e EV/EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Torrent Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 3600 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Torrent Pharmaceuticals Torrent Pharma’s (TRP) Q2FY25 EBITDA was largely in-line. Our FY25/ FY26E EBITDA broadly remains unchanged. TRP reported Rs 80bn (75% of total sales) worth of highly profitable branded formulation sales spread across India, Brazil and RoW markets. Curatio acquisition has been scaling up well with sharp margin improvement since acquisition. We expect 16% EBITDA CAGR and 27% PAT CAGR over FY24-27E with healthy RoE of +30%. At CMP, stock is trading at 26x EV/EBITDA/44x P/E on FY26E. Outlook We recommend Accumulate with revised TP of Rs3,600/share, valuing at 25x (unchanged) EV/EBITDA on Sept 2026E as we roll forward. TRP continues to explore inorganic opportunities which will be key for stock performance. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate InterGlobe Aviation; target of Rs 4919 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on InterGlobe Aviation We cut our PAT estimates by ~2-16% over FY25E-FY27E given the ongoing cost challenges. IndiGo reported weaker-than-expected performance with FXadjusted loss of Rs7.5bn (PLe Rs1.3bn) led by higher fuel cost and escalating AoG issue. Fuel CASK was up 4.2% YoY to Rs1.7, despite decline in ATF prices, due to 1) rise in VAT rates in a few states, 2) induction of less-fuel-efficient aircrafts via damp leases and 3) congestion issues. In addition, as AoG stood at mid-70s, damp leases were taken to plug in the capacity gap, leading to a rise in rental cost. Nonetheless, AoG problem has peaked and groundings would reduce to ~40 at the start of FY26E. While the cost structure problem will get resolved soon with the reduction in AoG, early signs of pricing pressure are visible as passenger RASK is likely to witness a correction by early to mid-single digit in 3QFY25E. Nonetheless, we do not foresee a major correction in yields, despite easing capacity constraints and rising competitive intensity given the market leadership position of IndiGo. Outlook We expect yields of Rs5.1/Rs5/Rs5 in FY25E/FY26E/FY27E. Retain ‘ACCUMULATE’ with a TP of Rs4,919 (earlier Rs5,177) by assigning a multiple of 10x (no change) to FY26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Hindustan Petroleum Corporation; target of Rs 412 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Hindustan Petroleum Corporation We upgrade the company from ‘Sell’ to ‘Accumulate’ post correction in stock price. Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) reported lower-than-expected Q2 results with EBITDA of Rs27.2bn (up 29.3% QoQ; PLe: Rs37.2bn, BBGe: Rs42bn) and PAT of Rs6.3bn (up 77.4% QoQ; PLe: Rs13.9bn, BBGe: Rs18.4bn). On the refining front, GRM came in at US$3.1/bbl. Gross marketing margin (GMM) stood at Rs4.3/ltr, and under-recovery on sale of LPG stood at Rs20.6bn. The stock is trading at 1.2/1.1x FY26/27 P/BV. Singapore GRM is currently averaging at ~US$3/bbl due to surplus supply, but we expect it to rebound to the long term average of US$5-7/bbl and build in a GRM of US$4.5/6/6/bbl for FY25/26/27E. On the marketing front, we build in a GMM of Rs5.3/4.5/4.5/ltr for FY25/26/27E. Outlook We revise TP to Rs 412 (Rs365 earlier) and raise multiple to 1.3x avg FY26-27 P/BV as we expect refining margins to improve in the long term and marketing margins to remain moderate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Mahanagar Gas; target of Rs 1627 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mahanagar Gas We upgrade the stock from ‘HOLD’ to ‘ACCUMULATE’ as valuations look fair post correction in stock price. MAHGL reported EBITDA of Rs4bn in Q2FY25, down 4.8% QoQ (PLe: Rs4.5bn, BBGe: Rs4.2bn). PAT came in at Rs2.8bn, flat QoQ (PLe: Rs3.1bn, BBGe: Rs2.8bn). Total volume grew 13.1% YoY to 4mmscmd aided by strong growth across CNG and industrial segments. On a QoQ basis, total volume increased 4.7%. EBITDA/scm came in lower than estimates at Rs10.7. Outlook Going ahead, in line with the company’s guidance, we build in volume growth of 10% YoY for FY25 and 6% for FY26/27 each. EBITDA/scm is estimated at Rs11/10.5/10.5 for FY25/26/27E. We revise TP to Rs1,627 (Rs2,050 earlier) based on 14x avg FY26-27E EPS. Upgrade to ‘ACCUMULATE’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate JSW Steel; target of Rs 1014 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on JSW Steel JSW Steel (JSTL) reported weak consolidated operating performance in 2QFY25 led by sharp fall in NSR, weak exports and muted performance at overseas ops. Average std realization declined 9.5% QoQ on sharp fall in steel prices across regions. Std sales volume declined 2% YoY to 5.3mt, while exports stood at 7% of sales from Indian ops. Overseas ops were affected on weak pricing and maintenance shutdown at Ohio. Ramping up of both Vijayanagar and BPSL blast furnaces is ongoing, which would improve volumes from 4QFY25. With commissioning of iron ore mines in Karnataka, Goa and Odisha, proportion of captive iron ore would increase from 4QFY25. On account of improvement in domestic steel pricing since Oct’24 and lower coking coal prices, margins are expected to improve in 2HFY25. We incorporate lower steel prices, and cut EBITDA by ~6%/3% for FY26E/27E. Outlook We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT growth of 11%/18%/33% over FY24-27E. At CMP, the stock is trading at 7.4x/5.9x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. We maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with revised TP of Rs1,014 (earlier Rs1,106), valuing at 7x EV of Mar’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Chalet Hotels; target of Rs 921 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Chalet Hotels Chalet Hotels reported a decent performance in a non-seasonal quarter with EBITDA margin of 39.7% (PLe 40.9%). After being in single digit for last 2 quarters, RevPAR increased 10% YoY to Rs7,756 allaying concerns surrounding waning pricing power. In the near term, growth in hospitality segment will be driven by operationalization of ~200 rooms in Lonavala &amp;amp; Bangalore. Pipeline for long term is stronger with plans to add to ~840 rooms at Delhi, Navi Mumbai and Goa over the next 3 years. On annuity business as 90% of the portfolio is expected to be leased out by end of FY25E we expect strong traction in leasing income from next year onwards. We broadly maintain our estimates and expect revenue/EBITDA CAGR of 18%/21% over FY24-FY27E. Outlook We maintain our ACCUMULATE rating on the stock with a TP of Rs921 as we value the hotel business at EV/EBITDA multiple of 24x (no change in target multiple), annuity portfolio at a cap rate of 8.5% and the residential project at NAV of Rs29 per share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Indoco Remedies; target of Rs 320 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Indoco Remedies We cut our FY26/FY27E EPS by 19.3%/5.4% to factor in low margins and sales across regulated markets. Our numbers do factor in margin recovery with reduction in remediation cost from Q4FY25. Indoco Remedies’ (INDR) Q2FY25 EBITDA was much below our estimates due to muted US sales and higher expenses. The OAI status for its Goa Unit 2 continues to restrict growth, especially for the US markets. At CMP, the stock is trading at 3.7x EV/domestic sales based on FY25E. Outlook We expect 9% PAT CAGR over FY24-26E. We maintain our ‘Accumulate’ rating with TP of Rs320 valuing at 20x Sep FY26E EPS. Timely resolution of Goa facility Unit 2 is a key for re-rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate ITC; target of Rs 539 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on ITC ITC EBIDTA growth missed estimates due to higher than expected margin pressure in Paper business and impact of demand and cost headwinds in FMCG. Cigarette volumes grew by ~3.3% as ITC continued to invest behind brands and go to market initiatives. FMCG business sales grew 7% (ex of stationary) which although lower than previous years, however seems better than most of its FMCG peers. We remain optimistic on cigarette demand and expect further increase in volume growth; margins are unlikely to improve due to higher leaf tobacco prices. FMCG sales are likely to show slow recovery, margin headwinds are likely in near term due to rising RM price of wheat, edible oils etc. Although Hotels have, a high, base, expect better performance in 2H25 due to uptick in seasonal demand. We believe paper margins will continue to face pressure in near term &amp;amp; expect delayed recovery. We cut our FY 25/26/27 estimates by 4.4%/1.3%/0.6% &amp;amp; estimate 10% EPS CAGR over FY25-27 given pressure in Paper margins &amp;amp; tepid FMCG environment. Outlook ITC trades at 24.5x Sep’26 EPS with ROE/ROCE of 31.6/41.9% and ~80%+ dividend payout. We assign SOTP based target price of Rs539 (Rs541 earlier) based on Sept26. Retain Accumulate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Nuvoco Vistas Corporation; target of Rs 372 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Nuvoco Vistas (NUVOCO) reported weak operating performance in Q2FY25 on sharp 6% YoY decline in volumes due to weak demand in the monsoon quarter. Average NSR declined 2.6% QoQ on weak cement pricing in eastern markets. EBITDA/t declined 30% YoY due to lower operating leverage. Mgmt expects domestic cement demand to improve gradually post festivities, once GoI projects get funding and demand starts rolling in across states. Cost optimization measures such as railway sidings and usage of WHRS are expected to improve EBITDA/t by Rs75 in the near term. Current debt level of the company hinders the growth plan, which we expect would result in market share loss in the medium term. Key things to watch out for: a) spending on infrastructure projects and housing in eastern states, b) stability of pricing amidst rising capacities in the East, and c) early repayment of debt, which is hindering capex plans. Outlook We cut FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 4%/0%/2% on lower volume assumption and expect EBITDA to grow ~7% CAGR over FY24-27E. The stock is trading at EV of 7.8x/7.1x FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ with revised TP of Rs372 (earlier Rs386) valuing at 8x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Pidilite Industries; target of Rs 3339 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Pidilite Industries PIDI has posted a resilient quarter amid otherwise tepid demand environment with 8% UVG and 17.5% PAT growth. B2B continued its growth momentum driven by Industrial &amp;amp; Project verticals whereas B2C faced setback owing to rains &amp;amp; mild slowdown in urban markets. IBD reported improved profitability due to exit from loss making Americas business. Growth outlook remains cautious given monsoon &amp;amp; food inflation. PIDI will continue to benefit from the tailwinds from both residential and commercial Real estate (70% repairs &amp;amp; 30% new construction in sales). PIDI is well placed given continuous innovations, tieups to bring technologically advanced products and 2-3x growth in pioneer and growth categories (45% of sales). Near term margin outlook is positive given benign input costs. Outlook We estimate 14.7% EPS CAGR over FY24-27 and assign DCF based target price of Rs3339 (Rs3454 earlier) which assumes a target valuation multiple of 62xFY27. Retain Accumulate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Client exodus: ASK Investment Managers lose more than 3700 PMS clients since January [/INST] The full article is as follows: ASK Investment Managers, once a portfolio manager known for garnering loads of money from investors, is now facing challenges to stop investors from walking away and has lost more than 3,700 clients since the start of the current calendar year. Since January, ASK’s portfolio management services (PMS) has lost 3,751 clients, as per data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). This is the highest client outflow among leading portfolio managers during the same period, as per data from PMS Bazaar. Currently the PMS arm of ASK Investment Managers has 12,923 clients across strategies. Distributors are of the view that while Bharat Shah, the whole-time director of ASK Investment Managers, has long been known for his commitment to quality stocks, this focus has led to underperformance in various strategies of ASK Investment Managers, making clients re-think their loyalty. Even the firm’s AUM has come down to Rs 23,952 crore in September from Rs 25,851 crore in January. More importantly, the returns across various sectors are also showing a very subdued picture. ASK Investment Managers' six schemes have given an annualized return of 9-14 percent in the last three years, while the industry average returns are 19.7 percent. We calculated the industry average considering the same benchmark as ASK's schemes which is S&amp;amp;P BSE 500 TRI. The reason for underperformance in ASK’s portfolio, as per industry players, is more to do with the managers’ stock selection philosophy – buying quality stocks. Quality stocks are the ones with solid fundamentals and take into account companies with higher ROE, ROCE, ROA, free cash flow to sales, and others metrics. Incidentally, the last few years haven’t been that great for quality stocks. On the contrary, growth stocks across sectors like PSUs, railways, shipbuilding have shown a solid game. “Past performance is the first thing that investors see. If the recent past performance is not great, investors aren’t keen on staying back,” says Santosh Joseph, founder at Germinate Investor Services, a distributor for ASK Investment Managers. Joseph added that investors can digest 2-3 quarters of underperformance but if the underperformance continues for more than 10 quarters, no investor will be patient. Joseph said that the PMS has tried to do course correction in the last one year by adding reasonably valued stocks in its portfolio, and moving away from overvalued stocks. The intent might be right, however, the manager’s decision had led to a churn of around 80 percent and investors ended up paying more tax on churn for the same, said a Mumbai-based distributor wishing not to be named. This assumes significance as a higher tax on churn lowers returns further. Another possible reason for investors leaving ASK PMS could be a larger AUM, said another ASK distributor on the condition of anonymity. The person added that there is a perception that smaller the AUM, better will be the returns. Plus, PMS firms with smaller AUMs are able to offer certain niche, so investors many-a-times prefer such firms over the larger ones. ASK Investment Managers did not respond to the queries sent by Moneycontrol.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Godrej Consumer Products; target of Rs 1670: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Godrej Consumer Products With 2% y/y consolidated revenue growth (vs. the Street’s estimated 1%) and Rs7.6bn EBITDA (Rs7.5bn), Godrej Consumer’s Q2 was broadly in line with expectations. The 7% domestic volume growth despite urban slowdown and adverse weather and 7% volume growth in Indonesia were encouraging. Management spoke of steady progress in launches (with huge potential): liquid detergent (Fab) and a new-molecule-based antimosquito range (GoodKnight agarbatti, LV). It continues to focus on more volumes, international margins and consistently growing cashflow. We introduce FY27e and slightly lower, 3%/2%, our FY25e/FY26e EPS to factor in higher palm oil prices and the tax rate for FY25. Outlook We retain a Buy and 12-mth Rs1,670 TP, 52x FY27e EPS (60x FY26e EPS earlier), attributing the multiple to potential from launches/businesses. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dixon Technologies; target of Rs 17,750: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Dixon Technologies The good growth momentum from Q1 continued for Dixon in Q2, largely from the cell-phone category. Backward integration in mobiles via screen manufacturing is underway while tie-ups for camera modules and mechanicals is being explored. These efforts should bear fruit from FY27. Focusing on scaling up laptops, it onboarded four clients, which control ~70-75% of the market. A manufacturing plantfor this is being set up, which should provide medium-term revenue assurance. The good growth outlook and margin expansion should drive RoCE to 40.4% by FY27, from 28.2% now. Outlook We retain our Buy recommendation with a higher TP of Rs.17,750. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Texmaco Rail share price soars 6% as Q2 net profit nearly triples YoY, margins increase [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Texmaco Rail &amp;amp; Engineering Ltd jumped up to 6 percent after the railway firm reported stellar earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's net profit surged nearly triple, rising 195 percent year-on-year to Rs 74.1 crore. Texmaco's revenue climbed 67 percent YoY to Rs 1,346 crore in Q2 FY25. The railway firm's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA), rose 74 percent to Rs 132 crore and the Ebitda margin expanded to 9.8 percent from 9.5 percent in the same period last year. At 1:14 pm, Texmaco Rail shares were trading over 4 percent higher at Rs 205.83 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 18 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 68 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Following the earnings announcement, the company said it successfully completed the acquisition of Jindal Rail Infrastructure Ltd. (JRIL) on September 3, 2024, and the company has now been renamed Texmaco West Rail Limited. It was acquired for Rs 614 crore, and the transaction represented an FY24 EV/EBITDA multiple of 8.1x. This acquisition positions Texmaco as a market leader in the freight car industry. During the first half of the year, Texmaco achieved the highest-ever freight car sales in its history, having sold 5,301 freight cars. &quot;With the acquisition of Jindal Rail &amp;amp; Infrastructure Ltd., we have attained a leadership position in the freight car manufacturing industry. During Q2 FY24, we delivered 2,927 freight cars, with 72% to Indian Railways and 28% to private customers and export markets,&quot; said Sudipta Mukherjee, Managing Director.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Finolex Industries; target of Rs 2973 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Finolex Industries CLGT delivered double-digit revenue growth led by ~8% volume growth with broad based growth across brands and segments. Core portfolio led by Colgate MaxFresh and Colgate Strong Teeth reported strong growth supplemented by double-digit sales growth in toothbrush. However, we believe best of growth momentum is behind as 1) urban demand is showing signs of slowdown 2) promotional intensity in oral care is rising and 3) pricing gains would be limited in near term due to earlier price hikes and rising promotional intensity. We cut FY25/26/27 estimates by 4.3%/1.3%/0.8% as phase of fast margin expansion (690bps) led by higher gross margins seems coming to an end (450bps in last 4 years). CLGT continues to create growth levers with 1) driving toothpaste category penetration by twice a day usage in urban India 2) science-based innovations with Total and Colgate strong teeth and 3) build personal care portfolio in body/hand/face wash. Outlook We expect volume growth to settle to mid-single digits with mid to high single sales growth. We estimate 9.1% EPS CAGR over FY24-27. We value CLGT at 48x Sep-26 EPS (50x FY26 EPS earlier) and assign a target of Rs2973 (Rs3130 earlier). CLGT trades at 52x Sep-26 EPS. Retain Reduce. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Praj Industries shares drop 5% after Q2 earnings show disappoints [/INST] The full article is as follows: Praj Industries shares dropped nearly 5 percent on October 28 as investors dumped the stock after the company's disappointing earnings performance for the September quarter. The company's net profit slipped 14 percent on year to Rs 53.83 crore as compared to Rs 62.37 crore in the same period last fiscal. Revenue also dipped close to 7.5 percent on year to Rs 816.19 crore, down from Rs 882.33 crore in the base period. At 12.19 pm, shares of Praj Industries were trading at Rs 699.30 on the NSE, though firm in the red, but still sharply off its day's low of Rs 677.55. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Order intake for the September quarter came at Rs 921 crore, up from Rs 888 crore in the previous quarter, though slightly below Rs 1,063 crore from the same period last year. “The bioenergy segment is progressing well, with growth across multiple fronts and strong order and enquiry inflows from international markets, services, and engineering verticals in the first half of the year,&quot; Praj Industries CEO Shishir Joshipura said in an exchange filing. “Our commitment to R&amp;amp;D-backed solutions will keep us aligned with our growth ambitions,” Joshipura added. The stock has remained under pressure in the past month, shedding over 13 percent of its value during the period. Trading volumes in the counter were also higher than the one-week average, which further added pressure on the stock. As much as nine lakh shares changed hands on the exchanges so far, higher than the one-week daily traded average of six lakh shares.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bandhan Bank surges 9% on healthy Q2 performance, brokerages retain bullish stance [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bandhan Bank surged over 9 percent to Rs 184 per share on October 28 after registering robust July-September quarter (Q2FY25) led by 30 percent on-year rise in net profit. Brokerages were impressed by the results and retained their 'buy' calls, seeing up to 36 percent upside potential. Macquarie shared an 'outperform' call on Bandhan Bank and put out highest target price at Rs 250 per share. Given current valuations, analysts believe that the risk-reward appears favourable on account of growth and return-on-asset (RoA) trajectory. Jefferies, too, retained their 'buy' rating on the private lender and shared target price at Rs 240 apiece. Analysts not only commended beat Q2 profit, but also quality of micro-finance loans. &quot;The quality of MFI loans confirms our assessment that the company can outperform peers in this MFI cycle. The rise in slippages and overdues are manageable with limited earnings impact,&quot; they added. ALSO READ: Bandhan Bank clocks 30% YoY growth in net profit, NPAs worsen QoQ On the other hand, Nomura upgraded Bandhan Bank to 'neutral' and assigned target price at Rs 180 per share. The lender exhibited steady Q2 amid tough environment. The stock reflected benign valuations but challenging MFI sector outlook is cautionary. Bandhan Bank reported 30 percent YoY surge in net profit to Rs 937 crore in Q2FY25, while net interest income (NII) increased by 21 percent YoY to Rs 2,948 crore. Meanwhile, the lender's net interest margin (NIM) improved slightly to 7.4 percent in the second quarter from 7.2 percent in the year-ago period. The lender's deposit base showed healthy growth, with total deposits reaching Rs 1.4 lakh crore, up 27 percent YoY in Q2FY25. Gross advances also grew by 21 percent YoY to Rs 1.3 lakh crore in Q2FY25.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Colgate Palmolive India; target of Rs 3067: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Colgate Palmolive India For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 10.1% YoY (+8.2% QoQ) to INR 16,191 Mn, which is in line with our estimates of 0.8%. The YoY growth was led by high single-digit volume. EBITDA increased 3.2% YoY (-2.2% QoQ) to INR 4,974 Mn, missing our estimate, mainly due to higher than estimated operating expenses. EBITDA margin decreased by 206 bps YoY (-325 bps QoQ) to 30.7%. Net profit increased 16.2% YoY (+8.5% QoQ) to INR 3,951 Mn which is largely in line with our estimate. The Board declared a first interim Dividend of INR.24/ share for the FY24-25E. We lower our FY25E/FY26E Adj. EPS estimate by 3.0%/6.0%, respectively, due to subdued demand, elevated ad spending, and a challenging environment. Outlook We maintain a P/E multiple of 51.0x, resulting in a target price of INR 3,067 per share (previously: INR 3,265). We maintain our “REDUCE” rating for Colgate-Palmolive Ltd shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Finolex Industries; target of Rs 302 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Finolex Industries P&amp;amp;F reported decent volume increase of 10.2% YoY in a seasonally weak quarter for agri business. The management indicated its non-agri (urban) segment volume grew by (+9-10% YoY) and agri segment by (+12% YoY). The company has guided for volume growth of 10-12% in FY25, which leads to 16- 20% volume growth in H2FY25. EBIT/kg for the P&amp;amp;F segment rose to Rs5.6 with improvement in PVC-EDC spread, which decreased to USD509/MT (vs USD 533/571/MT in Q1FY25/Q2FY24), with operational efficiency and controlled discounts. We estimate revenue/EBITDA/adj PAT CAGR of 11.7%/16.4%/17.5% for FY24-27E with P&amp;amp;F volume CAGR of 13.1% and EBITDA margin of 15.4% by FY27E. Outlook We have downward revised our earnings estimates for FY25E/FY26E/FY27E by 10.4%/6.7%/4.5% and maintain ‘HOLD’ rating with revised TP of Rs302 (Rs288 earlier), based on 22x FY27E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold V.I.P. Industries; target of Rs 494 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on V.I.P. Industries VIP reported weak performance with an adjusted bottom-line loss of Rs366mn (PLe loss of Rs215mn) led by deterioration in GM amid heavy discounting on ecom channel. For FY25E, we expect loss of Rs219mn despite penciling 9.2% topline growth and Gross/EBITDA margin of 47.4%/8.7% in 2HFY25E. For FY26E/FY27E we cut our EPS estimates by ~10% as we re-align our interest cost assumptions given deleveraging timeline has been delayed. Unless slow moving SL inventory is fully liquidated within next 1-2 quarters warehousing, freight and interest cost will remain high pressurizing profitability. Further, predatory pricing on e-com has impacted off-take in traditional channels acting as an hindrance towards growth. Outlook Given these twin challenges, we expect sales CAGR of 8.3% over FY24-FY27E with EBITDA margin of 6.3%/15.6%/16.0% in FY25E/FY26E/FY27E. Retain HOLD on the stock with a TP of Rs494 (30x FY27E EPS; no change in target multiple). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Westlife Foodworld; target of Rs 797 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Westlife Foodworld We cut FY25/26/27 EPS estimates by 65/35/35% following sustained pressure on demand resulting in a decline of 6.5% in SSG and impact of reverse operating leverage. Sales were affected by sustained poor sentiments in some geographies (70-80 stores) led by Geopolitical issues, which are waning off at a very slow pace. We expect WFL to return to positive SSG by fag end of 3Q given low base, however higher overheads on new stores and accelerated store openings will continue to impact profitability. We note that sales/store/Qtr has declined to ~15.3mn from a peak of Rs18mn and recovery seems delayed given heighted competition and recent rise in food inflation. WFL, which earlier had no impact of RM inflation, is facing challenges amid increase in prices of edible oils and fresh produce due to weather variations. Outlook We assign DCF based target price of Rs797 (Rs889 earlier). Retain Hold; recovery in demand is a key risk to our call. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Metro Brands; target of Rs 1208 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Metro Brands We cut our FY25/26/27 EPS estimates by 3.1/4.6/5.1% given 1) below estimate revenue/earnings led by tepid demand 2) drag in margins amid selling fila inventory at extreme discounts 3) lower revenue guidance for FY25 from 12- 15% to 10-15% and 4) BIS issues affecting high-end international brand imports. However, MBL operating parameters are on track with 1) addition of 3 new cities in 2Q (2 in Q1) 2) increase in online/ Omni channel salience to ~11.4% of sales and 3) increase in share of &amp;gt;3000 MRP sales by 3ppt YoY to ~53% of sales. Long- term growth strategy is in place led by 1) geographical and store expansion (225 stores in 2 years) 2) brands licenses/acquisitions (Crocs, Fitflop, Birkenstock, New Era) 3) re-launch and scale up in FILA/ footlocker from FY25/26. We believe that valuations at 62.7xFY27 do not leave any upside in near term. Outlook We retain Hold, with back ended returns expectations in the current volatile demand scenario. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BOB Share Price: Bank of Baroda stock soars 6% on solid Q2 earnings show, strong asset quality [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bank of Baroda soared as much as 6 percent on October 28 after the lender delivered a strong earnings performance for the July-September quarter, marked by its strongest asset quality in at least 10 years. At 11.55 am, shares of Bank of Baroda were trading at Rs 251.56 on the NSE. The strong quarterly show also tipped off a spike in volumes in the counter as two crore shares changed hands on the exchanges so far, double the one-month daily traded average of one crore shares. The lender's net profit stood at Rs 5,238 crore in Q2, marking a 23.2 percent year-on-year growth from Rs 4,253 crore in the same period last fiscal. The bank reported a net interest income of Rs 11,622 crore, a 7.3 percent increase from Rs 10,831 crore in Q2FY24. The lender's asset quality also improved to the strongest in at least quarters as the gross non-performing assets (GNPA) ratio slipped to to 2.50 percent in Q2, sharply down from 3.32 percent in the base period. Similarly, the net non-performing assets (NNPA) ratio came down to 0.60 percent from 0.76 percent in the previous year. Brokerage firm HSBC has maintained a &quot;hold&quot; call on Bank of Baroda with a target of Rs 270, noting that the bank's strong Q2 non-core income offset pressures from net interest margin (NIM) compression, weaker fee income, and ad hoc provisions. Going ahead, though HSBC expects stable operating profitability from FY25-27 it also believes that credit cost normalisation may impact return on assets (RoA). Nomura, on the other hand, kept its a &quot;buy&quot; rating on the stock with a target of Rs 290, citing healthy RoA (Reutrn on Assets) performance in Q2 and stable asset quality, which it believes supports a favorable risk-reward profile. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Nomura also projects an RoA of 1.1 percent and return on equity (RoE) of 15-16 percent for Bank of Baroda through FY25-27. Meanwhile, the lender's domestic deposits grew by 7.1 percent in Q2 to Rs 11,50,791 crore, while international deposits surged 21.2 percent to Rs 2,12,695 crore, bringing total global deposits to Rs 13.63 lakh crore—up 9.1 percent on year. Retail advances also showcased 20 percent growth to Rs 2,32,311 crore. Domestic gross advances rose by 12.5 percent to Rs 9,38,883 crore, with international advances also up by 7.6 percent to Rs 2.04 lakh crore. “This has been a strong quarter from a topline and bottomline point of view,&quot; Debdatta Chand, MD &amp;amp; CEO of Bank of Baroda said in an exchange filing. Looking ahead, he anticipates deposit growth of 9-11 percent for FY25, a slight reduction from the earlier guidance of 10-11 percent. The bank also aims to keep its margin guidance steady at 3.15 percent, ± 5 basis points for FY25, with a slippage ratio target between 1-1.25 percent for the fiscal year. Additionally, Chand noted that the bank expects to contain credit costs below 0.75 percent for FY25, with retail advances projected to grow by around 20 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Petronet LNG; target of Rs 272 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Petronet LNG Petronet LNG reported an EBITDA of Rs12bn (down 23.2% QoQ, PLe: Rs12.3bn, BBGe: Rs13bn)in Q2FY25, while PAT came in at Rs8.5bn (down 25.8% QoQ, PLe: Rs8.3bn, BBGe: Rs8.9bn). Total volume declined 8.8% QoQ to 239 TBtu due to lower regas volume. Dahej terminal’s capacity utilization stood at 98%. The management expects the terminal to continue operating at 95-100% utilization going ahead. However, we remain negative on the stock given the expensive valuations. PLNG is likely to face competition with commissioning of upcoming LNG terminals. Outlook Increasing domestic gas supply and underutilization of its Kochi terminal remain another challenge. Additionally, capex on its petrochemical project is likely to be margin dilutive (Link). We maintain ‘Sell’ rating with a TP of Rs272 based on 10x avg FY26-27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy R R Kabel; target of Rs 2151 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on R R Kabel We downward revise our FY25/FY26/FY27E earnings estimates by 14.2%/1.1%/1.2% on account of weak margins in W&amp;amp;C, subdued volume growth and losses in FMEG segment in Q2FY25. R R Kabel (RRKABL) reported moderate revenue growth of 12.5% YoY due to soft W&amp;amp;C revenue growth of 11.1% due to weak demand and channel destocking with fluctuation in RM prices. The company reported ~3.8% volume growth in Q2FY25 and expects healthy growth (15%+) in H2FY25, driven by both W&amp;amp;C businesses with focused approach to capture demand from infrastructure and emerging sectors. Outlook The company expects 8-8.5% EBITDA margin in W&amp;amp;C segment in H2FY25 and EBITDA breakeven in FMEG segment by Q1FY26. We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 21.8%/29.7%/32.5% over FY24-27E. Maintain ‘BUY’ with revised TP of Rs2,151 (Rs2,178 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Aster DM Healthcare; target of Rs 500 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Aster DM Healthcare ASTER DM Healthcare’s (ASTERDM) Q2 consolidated EBITDA grew strongly by 51% YoY to Rs2.2bn, 18% above our estimate. Our FY25-27E EBITDA estimate stands increased by 4-9% as we factor in higher margins across clusters. ASTERDM India’s EBITDA has increased sharply over the last 3 years (29% CAGR over FY22-24). We estimate 27% EBITDA CAGR over FY24-27E aided by scale-up in margins, healthy ARPOB and bed additions. Outlook At current market price, the stock is trading at 26x and 21x EV/EBITDA on FY26E and FY27E, respectively, adjusted for minority stake and rental. We maintain ‘Buy’ rating with revised TP of Rs500, valuing at 26x (23x earlier) EV/EBITDA on Sep2026E EBITDA as we roll forward. Utilization of proceeds, possible merger with any PE player and timely expansion will be key monitorables in the near term. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient; target of Rs 2120 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Cyient CYL reported strong recovery in Q2 after dismal performance in Q1. DET Revenue grew by 1.3% QoQ CC &amp;amp; 2% QoQ largely inline with our est. Growth was broad based across segments excl. Sustainability due to seasonality of Citec business. DET EBIT margin improved by ~70 bps QoQ to 14.2% inline of our est. of 14.1% despite the wage hike, aided by revenue growth &amp;amp; operational efficiency. Order intake remained weak at US$ 156.8 mn, down 14.2% QoQ. Consolidated rev. came at US$ 220.7 mn, up 9.9% QoQ while consolidated EBIT margin came at 12.5%, up 60 bps QoQ. Consolidated PAT came at INR 1.79 bn, up 24.7% QoQ. Outlook However, the stock has corrected meaningfully over the last few sessions, hence the in-expensive valuations gives us comfort to turn positive on this name. Upgrade to BUY (earlier ACCUMULATE). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndusInd Bank; target of Rs 1600 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on IndusInd Bank We trim core PAT for FY25/26E by 11.7%/8.5% driven by (1) reduction in FY25 NIM and (2) cut in fees. IIB saw a weak quarter as NII, fees and asset quality disappointed leading to 14% miss on core PAT. Reported NIM declined QoQ by 17bps due to 26bps fall in loan yields led by (1) sharp decline in higher yielding MFI (2) rise in share of lower yielding CCB and (3) LDR reduction. Muted loan growth at 13.2% YoY was a function lower CFD growth due to sharp QoQ decline of 11.7% in MFI portfolio. 30-90 DPD pool in MFI has inched up QoQ from 2% to 4%. IIB created buffer provisions of Rs5.25bn towards likely stress from MFI and ECL implementation. Bank expects disbursals in MFI to pick-up once environment improves suggesting that yield reversion to normalcy may not be immediate. Outlook We roll forward to Sep’26 ABV but cut multiple to 1.6x from 1.7x and trim TP to Rs1,600 from Rs1750. Retain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ACC; target of Rs 3262 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on ACC ACC reported in-line operating performance in 2QFY25 led by higher volume growth. Volumes grew 15% YoY to 9.3mt aided by higher trade volume and better growth in premium products. Average NSR declined 1.6% QoQ as cement prices declined across regions, due to weak demand amidst monsoon. However, due to higher share of traded goods, EBITDA was in line with PLe as rest of the costs were largely in-line. Operating costs declined YoY, but was largely in line with peers; the impact of cost saving measures is still awaited. In 2HFY25, demand is expected to improve aided by infrastructure projects leading to higher industry utilization, and pricing would follow suit. With Adani Group’s superior execution capabilities, we expect not only improved pace of capacity addition but also higher capex on efficiency improvement for ACC units. Cement capacity is expected to grow to 44.2mtpa (incl ACCPL) by FY26E. Outlook We cut FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 9%/8%/3% on lower pricing assumptions and expect EBITDA to grow at a CAGR of 8% over FY24-27E. The stock is currently trading at 11x/10.1x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘BUY’ with revised TP of Rs3,262 (Rs3,457 earlier) valuing at long-term EV multiple of 15x Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DCB Bank; target of Rs 155 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on DCB Bank DCBB saw a mixed quarter. Core PAT was lower than PLe by 9.0%, led by lower margins and higher provisions. However, loan growth was better than PLe by 1%, and fee income has also improved. Guidance to double loans over 3-4 years is intact, and credit growth would be led by mortgages, MSME, gold, co-lending and AIB. The bank would like to increase ticket size to Rs4-5mn from ~Rs3.0mn, which would further support growth. As per DCB Bank, reported NIM at 3.27% may have bottomed out and is guided to improve led by better loan mix, liquidity management and collection efficiency, and stable funding cost. Outlook While we are factoring core RoA of 0.75-0.80% over FY25-27E, tighter cost control is a key for operating leverage to benefit RoA, considering opex to assets is elevated at 2.7-2.8%. We roll forward to Sep’26 ABV, but as we trim multiple to 0.9x from 1.0x, our TP reduces to Rs155 from Rs180. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Nippon Life India Asset Management; target of Rs 820 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Nippon Life India Asset Management NAM saw a good quarter with core income 2% higher due to 2.7% beat on revenue led by better blended yields as equity share inched up by 1.3% QoQ, while debt/liquid declined by 50/76bps. As per NAM, profitability would be preferred over market share, suggesting that incremental net flows would be compromised if they dilute yields. Led by better performance, net equity flow market share that rose from 5.3% in FY23 to 12% in FY24, is sustaining well. Hence, equity market share further expanded to 7.0% (+8bps QoQ). We raise core EPS for FY25E/FY26E by 10%/5% due to upgrade in FY25E closing equity AuM for the industry from 27% earlier to 40% since equity growth from MarSep’24 has been strong at 30% (8% flows and 22% MTM). Outlook Over FY24-26E, we see healthy core PAT CAGR of 28% (earlier 25%). Stock is valued at 28x on Sep’26 core EPS. We maintain multiple at 33x, but raise TP to Rs820 from Rs700 as we roll forward to Sep’26 core EPS. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Eris Lifesciences; target of Rs 1420 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Eris Lifesciences Eris Lifesciences’ (ERIS) Q2FY25 EBITDA was in line with our estimate (Rs2.65bn; 46% YoY). Eris has opted for inorganic route to diversify and scale up existing portfolio. This has been implemented without diluting margins. We expect margins to sustain at +35% as revenue scales up from recent acquisitions, which are currently operating at sub-optimal profitability. The company has multiple growth levers such as broad-based offerings in the derma segment, opportunities in the cardiometabolic market with patent expirations and benefits of operating leverage, as revenue scales up from these acquisitions. Outlook Our FY25 and FY26E EBITDA broadly remain unchanged. We maintain ‘BUY’ rating with revised TP of Rs1,420 (valuing at 16x EV/EBITDA on Sep’26E) as we roll forward. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 315 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bank of Baroda BOB saw a decent quarter as (1) core PPoP was higher owing to chunky TWO recovery of Rs25bn and (2) asset quality improved materially on account of reduction in GNPA by 38bps to 2.5% led by lower net slippages due to healthy recoveries. Lower NII/NIM and fees were offset by softer opex and adjusted for the TWO recovery, core PPoP was largely in-line. Due to a constrained deposit environment, the bank has cut its loan/deposit guidance for FY25E by 1% to 11- 13%/9-11%. NIM was a miss due to RBI circular of penal interest and fall in overseas NIM owing to repricing. Due to healthy recovery trends and higher write-offs, we trim GNPA for FY26/27E, but raise provisions by 3/5bps. Outlook Hence, core PAT reduces by ~2%, but ABV increases by ~3.7%. Stock is valued at 0.9/0.8x on FY26/27 ABV (20% discount to SBI). We tweak multiple to 1.1x from 1.2x, but increase TP to Rs315 from Rs300 as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1640 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on ICICI Bank ICICIB saw a strong quarter yet again as core PPoP/PAT beat PLe due to better fees and opex. Considering the deposit and asset quality environment, earnings quality has been the best in the sector. Deposit growth was stronger at 5.0% QoQ compared to 3% for the system and CASA accretion of 4.3% QoQ was superior to larger peers. While unsecured pool is seeing stress across the system, the bank’s portfolio has performed better in H1FY25 compared to large private peers as reflected in best-in-class provisions of 43bps (private peers 50-78bps). Hence, provisions over FY24-27E may be lower at 40-50bps (peers 50-65bps). Outlook The bank is consistently delivering on protecting core PPoP as the softer NIM environment is being countered by cost control measures. Core RoA of 2.1% is the best in class. Keeping multiple at 3.0x, we raise SOTP-based TP to Rs1,640 from Rs1,520 as we roll forward to Sep’26 core ABV. Reiterate ‘BUY’ For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UTI Asset Management Company; target of Rs 1320 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on UTI Asset Management Company UTIAM saw a good quarter as revenue beat PLe by 2.2% led by higher blended yields at 43.4bps (PLe 42.6bps) as AMC yield was up by 0.8bp QoQ to 34.7bps led by healthy equity growth of 11.2%. Equity performance in 1-yr bucket has been consistently improving since Mar’24, and 11 of 18 equity funds are in quartile 1 &amp;amp; 2 compared to 6 in Mar’24. Hence, equity market share decline has been arrested. Staff cost is being controlled since Q1FY22 and as per UTIAM, it may grow by 4% on consol level; other opex is likely to grow by 10-12%. Due to operating leverage, we envisage opex/AuM to fall from 28bps to 21bps over FY24-27E. Outlook We raise core EPS for FY25E/FY26E by 21%/15% due to upgrade in FY25E closing equity AuM for the industry from 27% earlier to 40%. Over FY24- 26E, we see healthy core PAT CAGR of 27%. Stock is valued at 13.8x suggesting a 51% discount to NAM. Rolling forward to Sep’26 core EPS, we maintain multiple at 17.5x, but increase TP to Rs1,320 from Rs1,050. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DLF stock zooms 6% as Q2 net profit more than doubles; brokerages bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of India's largest realty firm DLF surged over 5 percent on October 28 after the company reported a 121 percent YoY jump in its consolidated net profit at Rs 1,387 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's consolidated revenue surged 48 percent YoY to Rs 2,181 crore during the period under review. Morgan Stanley has issued an equal-weight call on DLF, setting a target price of Rs 910 per share. The brokerage noted that the company's pre-sales in the second quarter fell short of expectations due to delays in obtaining necessary approvals. The market's attention is now focused on the launch of the LUX5 project this quarter. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action DLF is confident in achieving a revenue target of Rs 17,000 crore for FY25, with the LUX5 project expected to contribute significantly in Q2 and the Mumbai project in Q4. The LUX5 project, which boasts a gross margin of 70 percent, is anticipated to help sustain DLF's development margin above 40 percent, the brokerage said. According to analysts at Nuvama, DLF is emerging as a key beneficiary of the ongoing sector consolidation. It boasts an attractive rental portfolio that has grown steadily despite the pandemic. Besides, the company has a revamped balance sheet, which is likely to generate better cash flows, and, thus, it is likely to be a key beneficiary of ongoing sector consolidation, the brokerage noted. &quot;We believe new launch trajectory will be a key trigger for the stock. With limited inventory levels, the company needs a steady stream of launches in order to maintain a healthy sales trajectory,&quot; Nuvama said as it recommended 'buy' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,081, derived by ascribing a 25 percent premium to its Q2FY27E NAV of Rs 864. At 10:45 am, DLF shares were trading over 6 percent higher at Rs 827.25 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 14 percent so far this year, slightly outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 50 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Laurus Labs; target of Rs 489: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Laurus Labs Laurus Labs’ revenue missed our estimate due to weak demand in the Generic API segment. The profitability missed our estimates significantly due to operating deleverage and lower utilization. • We believe the performance will improve in H2FY25E as its newly established facilities will ramp up and additional CDMO orders will be delivered. • We lower our FY26E EPS estimates by 5.5%, due to subdued demand in the Generic API segment while we maintain the P/E multiple of 36.6x on FY26E EPS of INR 13.4 (previously: INR 14.1) to arrive at a target price of INR 489/share (previously: INR 516/share). The demand for Generic API is reduced due to increased competition, and the challenge is to effectively manage the huge upfront costs invested. The company has to ensure that new projects will pick up as planned and start generating revenue to improve operating leverage in the coming quarters. Outlook We believe performance will improve in H2FY25E as its newly established facilities will ramp up and additional CDMO orders will be delivered so we maintain a P/E multiple of 36.6x on FY26E EPS of INR 13.4 (previously: INR 14.1) to arrive at a target price of INR 489/share (previously: INR 516/share). The demand for Generic API is reduced due to increased competition, and the challenge is to effectively manage the huge upfront costs invested. The company has to ensure that new projects will pick up as planned and start generating revenue to improve operating leverage in the coming quarters. Given the 5.4% upside, we reduce our rating to “ACCUMULATE” from “BUY” on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali 2024: Tepid returns, higher volatility expected as multiple concerns loom this Samvat 2081 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian markets have enjoyed a remarkable rally over the past four and a half years since the pandemic-driven lows of March 2020. The benchmark indices have avoided any prolonged downtrend or significant correction during this period. A strong earnings growth of 24 percent in Nifty-50 stocks between FY21 and FY24, combined with increasing retail investor participation, both directly in equities and indirectly through SIPs in mutual funds and insurance, has led to a broad-based re-rating of stocks. Also read: IDFC First Bank shares crash 9% after reporting 73% fall in Q2 net profit But this time around analysts don't seem to be excited as a host of domestic and foreign concerns are weighing on the Indian markets. &quot;After a nearly 28 percent rise in the Nifty since last Diwali, expectations for the coming year are for moderate returns, accompanied by higher volatility,&quot; HDFC Securities said in a recent note on Diwali. But what's causing the anxiety? Chinese stocks have seen a sharp rebound following recent fiscal and monetary stimulus measures, diverting some investment flows away from India. Furthermore, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and US Presidential Elections possibly dictating the economic outlook are all weighing on market sentiment. As for domestic triggers, a key concern lingers around how earnings growth will pan out this year. Read more: ICICI Bank top Nifty gainer as steady Q2 impresses brokerages, see up to 28% upside potential &quot;We are cautiously optimistic at the moment due to various domestic and foreign factors and rich valuations. While strong flows from local investors are safeguarding the market, FIIs selling is a negative for the market,&quot; Kranthi Bathini, Director of Equity Strategy at WealthMills Securities, said in a conversation with Moneycontrol. He also added that investors are increasingly becoming cautious because of high valuations. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Bathini said that a potential earnings disappointment could be the next trigger for a market correction in the coming weeks, as Indian companies begin reporting their July-September 2024 (Q2-FY25) results. To be sure, Bajaj Auto's recent caution on sluggish two-wheeler sales during the festive season has already sparked concerns. Analysts warn that the mid-and small-cap segments, which have rallied significantly over the past 12 to 18 months, could face sharper declines if earnings fail to meet expectations. In this uncertain phase, market movement is expected to be stock-specific, rewarding companies that deliver strong results. After a strong performance in Samvat 2080, where the midcap and smallcap indices surged 46 percent and 43 percent respectively on the NSE, analysts believe the rally in these segments may take a breather in Samvat 2081. V K Vijayakumar of Geojit Financial Services says that the current trend of largecaps outperforming mid and smallcaps is expected to continue. He cautions against rushing to buy beaten-down mid and small-caps, as a large number of stocks could be under pressure because of rich valuations and high possibility of earnings disappointments. For investors, the advice is to tread carefully. Large caps, with their relative stability and attractive valuations, are seen as a safer bet right now. Experts recommend a wait-and-watch approach, focusing on companies with clear earnings visibility for the coming quarters and only investing in those that meet or exceed expectations. &quot;Last Diwali was forgiving investors even if they had poor quality stocks in their portfolio, this time due to sentiment turning quite negative, there's little room for error, &quot; Bathini added. Which sectors are looking attractive? Financials: After a relative underperformance over the past year, the banking and financial sector stocks have attractive valuations at display. Meanwhile, the Q2 has been largely impressive with Axis Bank being a case in point. Following a stellar rise, a host of brokerages including Nomura and Goldman Sachas have dished out bullish calls on the counter. A key reason is that banks have been underperformers and have missed the rally over the past two years, despite strong profitability and historically healthy balance sheets. Experts suggest that RBI’s rate cut would help lenders to improve their margins. Bathini suggests HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, and Axis Bank as his top picks. IT: With the outcome of the US Presidential Elections on the horizon, investors will likely get a clearer picture of the outlook. However, valuations are still attractive and a buy-on-dip strategy works best for the sector. Furthermore, a further cut by the Federal Reserve will also bode well for IT companies. The Nifty IT Index, rallying over 26 percent in the past six months, has fared better due to Q2 results, which were marginally better than Q1 and due to a slight upgrade in margin outlook. Management continues to project a positive view due to increasing AI-based deals and improvement in the BFSI segment, especially in the US. AI is expected to be a driver in the long term. TCS, Wipro and Infosys could lead gains this Diwali.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 28, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks Farmers in Maharashtra have sown rabi crops over 192,938 hectares as of Tuesday, down 41.5% from 329,971 hectares sown in the corresponding period last year, according to a report released by the state government's agriculture department. The normal rabi acreage for the period, which is an average of five years, from 2016 to 2021, is 5.4 million hectares. The area sown under wheat so far was 930 hectares, up from 384 hectares sown in the same period last year, the report showed. The acreage under maize has also risen to 28,047 hectares from 24,433 hectares a year ago. The acreage under jowar is down to 155,676 hectares from 292,174 hectares. The acreage under pulses was 7,964 hectares, down from 12,330 hectares last year, according to the data. The area sown under bengal gram, or desi chana, fell to 7,678 hectares from 12,215 hectares a year ago. Chana is one of the major rabi crops grown in Maharashtra. The area sown under oilseeds as of Tuesday fell to 275 hectares from 634 hectares last year, the report said. The acreage under safflower was 187 hectares, down from 590 hectares a year ago. The acreage under sunflower was 46 hectares, up from 17 hectares last year. The water level in dams across Maharashtra is 88.3% of the live storage capacity as of Friday, compared with 74.1% a year ago, according to data from the state water resources department. The country got an average rainfall of 18.4 mm in the week ended Wednesday, 23% above the normal rainfall of 15.0 mm for the period, the India Meteorological Department said. Two out of four homogeneous regions in the country received above-normal showers during the week, the weather bureau said. Central India received 97% above-normal showers during the week at 18.6 mm. Subdivisions such as west Madhya Pradesh, the Gujarat region, Saurashtra and Kutch, Konkan and Goa, central Maharashtra, Marathwada, and Vidarbha recorded large excess rainfall due to heavy rains in these regions. The South peninsula recorded 51.7 mm rain, 56% higher than the normal rainfall for the period, the data showed. Rainfall in northwest India recorded a 79% deficit during the week at 1.0 mm. Similarly, east and northeast India received 54% below-normal rainfall at 10.7 mm during the week, the agency said. Of the 36 subdivisions in the country, rainfall was &quot;normal&quot; in five and &quot;excess&quot; in one during the week. Rainfall was &quot;large excess&quot; in 12 subdivisions, while it was &quot;deficient&quot; in eight. The rainfall was &quot;large deficient&quot; in nine subdivisions. One subdivision received no rain during the week. Since Oct. 1, India has received 65.2 mm of rainfall, 3% above the normal level of 63.2 mm for the period. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: YES Bank Share Price: YES Bank soars 10% as profit jumps over two-fold YoY in Q2FY25 [/INST] The full article is as follows: YES Bank's stock soared 10 percent to Rs 21.3 per share on October 28, following the announcement of stronger-than-expected results for the July-September quarter (Q2FY25). The bank posted a remarkable two-fold year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit, reaching Rs 553 crore in Q2FY25, compared to Rs 225 crore in the same period last year. Net interest income (NII) also registered solid growth, rising 14.3 percent YoY to Rs 2,200 crore from Rs 1,925 crore in Q2FY24. On the asset quality front, YES Bank reported a marginal improvement, with its gross non-performing asset (GNPA) ratio at 1.6 percent in Q2FY25, compared to 1.7 percent in the previous quarter. The net NPA ratio held steady at 0.5 percent. The bank’s cost-to-income ratio improved to 73 percent in Q2FY25 from 74.4 percent in Q2FY24 and 74.3 percent in Q1FY25. Returns on assets (RoA) for the quarter stood at 0.5 percent, up from 0.2 percent in Q2FY24 and consistent with the previous quarter. ALSO READ: YES Bank’s 35-40% retail fresh slippages came from unsecured portfolio in Q2FY25, says CEO Prashant Kumar YES Bank reported robust deposit growth, with total deposits rising 18.3 percent YoY to Rs 2.7 lakh crore and 4.6 percent quarter-on-quarter (QoQ). The current and savings account (CASA) ratio improved to 32 percent, compared to 29.4 percent a year ago and 30.8 percent in the previous quarter, indicating healthy retail deposit growth. Commenting on the results, MD &amp;amp; CEO Prashant Kumar expressed optimism, stating, “Our Q2FY25 performance is encouraging, especially amid ongoing industry challenges. We have sustained deposit momentum alongside a healthy CASA ratio of 32 percent, driven by growth in current and savings accounts.” Kumar added that the bank remains focused on meeting strategic objectives, with strong growth in the SME and mid-corporate segments. Despite the positive quarterly results, the bank’s stock has faced challenges, declining over 16 percent in the past three months. However, it has outperformed the benchmark Nifty 50 index, which dropped over 2 percent during the same period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndiGo Share Price: IndiGo stock nosedives 12% after Q2 net loss; brokerage remain bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IndiGo parent Interglobe Aviation plunged over 12 percent on October 28 after the airline reported a net loss of Rs 987 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net profit of Rs 189 crore in the year-ago period. Despite the disappointing earnings, brokerages remained bullish on stock on account of healthy demand and efforts to improve its international presence through strategic partnerships and loyalty programs. At 9:44 am, IndiGo shares were trading over 12 percent lower at Rs 3,811.35 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). This is the biggest single-day drop that shares of the airline have seen since February 2022. Kotak Institutional Equities has issued a 'buy' call on IndiGo, setting a target price of Rs 5,200 per share. The brokerage noted a sharp miss in the second quarter's profit before tax (PBT), primarily due to aircraft groundings, related compensation, and unexpected fuel inflation. Additionally, there was an overhang from heightened seasonality, particularly in the context of a sharp uptick in demand and supply in the previous year. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Despite these challenges, overall demand trends for IndiGo remain healthy, although there was a modest decline in the revenue per available seat kilometer (TRASK) due to a high year-on-year base for the third quarter, said the brokerage. As a result, Kotak has lowered its FY27 estimate by 10 percent. Goldman Sachs has also issued a 'buy' call on IndiGo but has adjusted its target price to Rs 4,800 per share. The brokerage pointed out that the company's second quarter earnings per share (EPS) and profit before tax (PBT), excluding foreign exchange impacts, fell below estimates. While the available seat kilometers (ASK) and revenue passenger kilometers (RPK) were largely in line with expectations. IndiGo's yields exceeded estimates by 2.5 percent, driving a revenue beat. However, the cost per available seat kilometer (CASK) was higher than anticipated, attributed to increased fuel and lease expenses. Aircraft groundings remained stable in the mid-70s range, with signs of improvement, it noted. Meanwhile, Nuvama has turned bearish on the counter. Following a 108–133 percent outperformance to US/European peers since January 2022, the brokerage downgraded IndiGo to 'hold' on 1.5x+ valuations to global peers and valuation premium to global LCCs ~2SD above average, slowing domestic demand and overcapacity concerns. According to analysts, IndiGo's Sep-Nov’24 flight schedules imply a domestic share loss as well. Relentless promoter selling while IndiGo shifts from LCC to a hybrid model raises risk, the brokerage flagged while cutting FY25 and FY26 EBITDAR estimates by 14 percent and 7 percent respectively, and slashing target price to Rs 4,415. &quot;Near-term outlook looks challenging as capacity growth outpaces demand growth, affecting PRASK. Current valuations are unsupportive, but positive factors make risk reward balanced,&quot; said Nuvama. Also Read | ICICI Bank top Nifty gainer as steady Q2 impresses brokerages, see up to 28% upside potential IndiGo served 106.7 million customers in FY24, with a net increase of 63 aircraft. The company had eight strategic partners with a 27 percent international share in terms of ASKs in FY24, noted Motilal Oswal. The management has also taken several preemptive measures to increase its global brand awareness as it expects to capture a bigger share of growth in the international market over the coming years. The airline is further enhancing its international travel and working relentlessly to adjust schedules to reassure customers, the brokerage highlighted as it reiterated its 'neutral' rating on the stock with target price of Rs 4,130, based on 8.5x Sep’26E EV/EBITDAR.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Deepak Builders Share Price: Deepak Builders & Engineers shares list at 1.5% discount over IPO price [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers made a weak start on its stock market debut on October 28 after listing at Rs 200. That translates to a discount of 1.5 percent over the issue price of Rs 203 per share on the NSE. The listing, however, completely misses grey market estimates where shares were trading at a premium of 16 percent. The grey market is an unofficial ecosystem where shares start trading much before the offer opens for subscription and continue to trade till the listing day. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Despite weakening sentiment in equity markets, investors showed strong confidence in Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India, with its initial share sale receiving bids for 37.24 crore equity shares—41.54 times the offer size of 89.67 lakh shares. Non-institutional investors (HNIs) led the demand, subscribing 82.47 times their allotted quota, followed by retail investors who bid for 39.79 times their reserved portion. Qualified institutional buyers also displayed strong interest, subscribing to 13.91 times their allocation. Also read: ICICI Bank impresses brokerages with steady Q2, sparks wave of 'buy' calls, target upgrades The Ludhiana-based company, which raised Rs 78 crore from anchor investors on October 18, plans to use Rs 142 crore of net fresh issue proceeds to repay debt and meet working capital needs, with the balance allocated for general corporate purposes. Established in 2017, Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India Limited specializes in constructing administrative, institutional, and industrial buildings, as well as hospitals, stadiums, and residential complexes. The company has executed turnkey projects covering architecture, civil work, MEP, firefighting, IT systems, medical gas pipelines, and landscaping, among other services.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Waaree Energies Share Price: Waaree Energies shares list at 66% premium over IPO price on NSE [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Waaree Energies were off to a rocking start on its stock market debut on October 28 after listing at Rs 2,500, commanding a massive premium of 66.3 percent over the issue price of Rs 1,503 per share on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The listing gains, however, miss grey market estimates where shares were trading at a premium of 84 percent. The grey market is an unofficial ecosystem where shares start trading much before the offer opens for subscription and continue to trade till the listing day. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The Rs 4,321-crore IPO witnessed strong demand with the offer being oversubscribed 76.34 times. Investors bid for 160.91 crore shares, far exceeding the 2.1 crore shares on offer, according to exchange data. Qualified institutional buyers showed the most interest, subscribing 208.63 times the portion reserved for them. Retail investors' quota has been subscribed 10.79 times, and the employees’ portion saw 5.17 times the demand. Non-institutional investors subscribed 62.48 times their reserved portion, as per NSE data. Also read: ICICI Bank impresses brokerages with steady Q2, sparks wave of 'buy' calls, target upgrades The proceeds from the fresh issue will be primarily used to set up a 6 GW facility in Odisha for manufacturing ingot wafers, solar cells, and PV modules. A portion of the funds will also be used for general corporate purposes. Read more: Oil slides on Middle East respite, yen down as Japan govt loses majority Waaree Energies currently operates five manufacturing plants across India, with locations in Surat, Tumb, Nandigram, and Chikhli in Gujarat, as well as IndoSolar in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Shriram Finance jumps 7% on healthy Q2, brokerages share 'buy' calls, see up to 22% upside [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Shriram Finance soared 7 percent to Rs 3,309 apiece on October 28 after brokerages were impressed with its upbeat July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance. Multiple 'buy' calls were issued as analysts expressed confidence on the company's steady performance, attractive valuations, and positive guidance for FY25. HSBC maintained their 'buy' call on Shriram Finance and hiked target price to Rs 3,725 per share from Rs 3,600. Analysts said that Q2 reinforced view that Shriram is in its most convicing operating period since 2010. Delivery on all parameters was strong, guidance was reiterated and there were no misses in asset quality or growth, they added. Nomura reiterated their 'buy' rating on Shriram Finance and shared target price of Rs 3,800. The brokerage firm stated that Shriram Finance is their top pick as it consistently delivered across metrics and found current valuations still relatively undemanding. ALSO READ: CLSA reiterates 'outperform' call on Shriram Finance amid stable asset quality, margins Besides, Kotak Institutional Equities joined the bullish calls and shared a target price of Rs 3,700 per share. &quot;Amid asset quality noise in the sector, the company continued to deliver a steady performance. Investment thesis of an overall growth trajectory of 20 percent is suggested. In light of risk in the sector, high growth in MSME, tractors remain some of the key monitorables,&quot; the firm added. Shriram Finance reported net profit of Rs 2,071 crore in Q2FY25, up 18.3 percent YoY. The company's net interest income (NII) also increased by 16.3 percent YoY to Rs 5,606 crore in Q2FY25. The board has declared dividend of Rs 22 per share. However, the company net interest margin (NIM) decreased to 8.74 percent in Q2FY25 versus 8.8 percent in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, its gross stage-3 assets grew to Rs 12,764 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 12,408 crore in the previous quarter.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate ITC; target of Rs 534: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on ITC ITC reported strong topline performance amidst a challenging operating environment. For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 16.7% YoY (+12.3% QoQ) to INR 207,359 Mn, outperformed our estimate. EBITDA increased by 4.8% YoY (+0.2% QoQ) to INR 67,618 Mn, largely in line with our estimate. Adj. Net profit increased by 2.0% YoY (-2.0% QoQ) to INR 49,940 Mn, missed our estimate, mainly due to higher-than-expected depreciation and lower other income. We lower our FY25E/26 EPS estimate by 4.6%/ 2.6%, respectively, due to lower-than-expected Q2FY25 EPS estimate, subdued demand, and inflationary pressure. Outlook Using the SOTP approach, we maintained our multiples (cigarette business at 15.5x EV/EBITDA, Hotels at 17.3x, Paper business at 4.1x, Agri business at 4.5x, and FMCG at 9.2x EV/Revenue) and arrive at a target price of INR 534/share (previously: INR 545), offering an upside of 10.7% from current levels. Accordingly, we maintain our rating of “ACCUMULATE” on ITC Ltd. shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Short Call | SME IPOs double returns while giants stumble; Nuvoco Vistas, Colgate in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: This year, India’s IPO scene is all glitz and glam—just not for the giants you'd expect. While household names like Hyundai Motors and Ola Electric stumbled out of the gate, little-known firms rocketed to stardom, thrilling investors with eye-popping listing-day gains. Predominantly the mantra today is pure thrill-seeking—who’s got the biggest bang at the opening bell? The numbers are wild: nearly 600 IPOs have hit the market since January 2023, with 335 just this year as of October 14. Among 110 SME IPOs in the first half of 2024, a whopping 87 ended up in the green, and 43 doubled investors’ money, according to PRIME Database data. Think about it—three out of four SME IPOs made investors richer, and 40% turned into multibaggers. The catch? Some experts say this “small fry frenzy” might be bubbling over, with valuations in frothy territory. Contrast this with the big-league IPOs, where the story’s been more fizzle than sizzle. Research from Capitalmind Financial Services shows that 24 of the 40 largest IPOs in the last decade couldn’t keep up with the CNX 500, with 12 even delivering negative returns. Why the flop? Well the IPO scene is a tale of thrill-seeking investors choosing speed over substance. Instead of buying into rock-solid financials, they’re chasing the tantalizing promise of grey market premiums (GMPs), betting on lesser-known companies with average numbers in hopes of quick, explosive returns. Established giants like Hyundai, with solid books and proven growth stories, are seeing lukewarm interest, as their slow-and-steady profiles don’t deliver the fireworks these traders crave. This high-stakes hunger isn’t new—it's the same force driving the secondary market, where midcaps and smallcaps have outshined largecaps in recent years, offering faster paths to multiplied returns. Now, that trend is fully spilling into the IPO market, as investors increasingly favor IPOs that promise a big bang on day one over safer, steady players. It’s a chalk-and-cheese choice: quick-hit profits with small upstarts versus the tried-and-true growth of large caps. But it’s like a house of cards; when the wind of reality blows, it all tumbles down. SME IPOs, some with thin track records, are getting oversubscribed by retail investors driven by pure FOMO, chasing the high of listing gains and these signs of irrational exuberance are alarming. “History shows that speculative excesses often end in tears,” said VK Vijayakumar from Geojit Financial Services who sees a fine line between opportunity and excess. The IPO craze is morphing into a textbook case of “too good to be true”. Fueled by high liquidity and investor FOMO, these sizzling IPOs are barreling ahead—yet warnings are flashing red. Many of these stocks might quickly turn illiquid after the initial frenzy, some warn. Investors, beware: when the music stops, some could be left stranded without a chair. Regulators may soon need to pour some cold water on the mania before retail investors find themselves trapped in a ruthless game of “greater fool.” Nuvoco Vistas (Rs 331, -3.2%) Reported a net loss in the quarter ended September Bull Case: As the industry enters a busy season, a likely recovery in demand and cement prices bode well for Nuvoco's improved performance hereon. Revival in prices after the festive season, down-trending fuel costs and seasonal tailwinds should aid in margin recovery in 2HFY25E Bear Case: Core markets in the northern/eastern regions witnessed price cuts, led by subdued demand due to extended monsoons and delayed capex spends. This lack of demand could continue. The company’s ‘value over volume’ strategy continues to lead to underperformance versus peers and market share loss, said Kotak Institutional Equities. Colgate Palmolive Company (Rs 95.6, -4%) Shares sink as margin miss in Q2 FY25 disappoints Street. Bull Case: Advertising spending surged in Q2FY25, reflecting increased support for brand promotion and initiatives to drive category growth. Launch of science-based premium products to enhance realisations. Boosting consumption frequency and rural penetration to drive broader market reach. Expanding the personal care portfolio to reduce reliance on the slower-growing oral care category. Bear Case: Margin was negatively impacted due to gross margin contraction and increased advertising expenditures. Increasing competitive intensity may affect company's long-term growth prospects. The recent sharp rise in stock price has capped its upside potential. Rising input costs. (With inputs from Zoya and Neeshita). </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: ICICI Bank top Nifty gainer as steady Q2 impresses brokerages, see up to 28% upside potential [/INST] The full article is as follows: Brokerages expressed enthusiasm over ICICI Bank's robust performance in the July-September quarter (Q2FY25), issuing multiple 'buy' calls and raising target prices. Analysts foresee up to 28 percent upside from current levels, as the bank's steady results reinforced its leadership among private sector peers. Motilal Oswal retained its 'buy' rating on ICICI Bank, setting a target price of Rs 1,500 per share. The brokerage raised the bank’s EPS estimates by 2.8 percent for FY25 and 1.8 percent for FY26, projecting a return on assets (RoA) of 2.19 percent and return on equity (RoE) of 17.4 percent by FY26. Similarly, CLSA gave an 'outperform' rating with the highest target price of Rs 1,600 per share, lauding the bank’s superior asset provisioning compared to competitors. ALSO READ: ICICI Bank reports strong Q2, signals margins to stabilise from here on &quot;ICICI Bank posted another solid quarter, with mid-teen growth in the balance sheet and a slight moderation in margins by 5-10 basis points sequentially. Although NII is expected to stabilise over the year, gross non-performing loans (NPL) remained steady, and credit costs were well-controlled. These factors position ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank as standout performers among private lenders,&quot; CLSA noted. Nomura also raised its target price to Rs 1,575 per share, reiterating its 'buy' call. The brokerage highlighted ICICI Bank's exceptional performance, citing strong loan and deposit growth in Q2, along with solid asset quality. It also revised EPS estimates upward by 2-3 percent for FY25-27. ICICI Bank's Q2 net profit rose 14.5 percent year-on-year to Rs 11,746 crore, surpassing market expectations. Net interest income (NII) increased by 9.5 percent YoY to Rs 20,048 crore, reflecting healthy growth, although net interest margins (NIM) declined by 26 basis points to 4.27 percent. Despite the margin compression, the bank’s management remains optimistic, believing that the worst of the margin pressure is over. They expect minimal further erosion, as deposit rate hikes have largely stabilised. Retail deposit rates surged mainly during the second half of FY23 and FY24, but the bank anticipates no significant increases going forward. In terms of asset quality, ICICI Bank continued to outperform, with its gross non-performing asset (GNPA) ratio improving to 1.97 percent as of September 30, 2024, down from 2.15 percent in the previous quarter. The net NPA ratio held steady at 0.42 percent, reflecting tight control over slippages.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KRN Heat Exchanger shares gain 3% on signing MoU with Rajasthan govt [/INST] The full article is as follows: KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration share price rose 3 percent in the opening trade on October 28 after the company’s wholly owned subsidiary company, KRN HVAC Products has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with Government of Rajasthan. At 09:25am, KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration was quoting at Rs 443.40, up Rs 12.80, or 2.97 percent, on the BSE. The said MoU is for the proposed investment to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore over a period of time in various trenches for the establishment of project for the manufacturing of heat exchangers already undertaken in our wholly owned subsidiary company. Government of Rajasthan (GoR) will facilitate the Organisation to obtain necessary permission/clearance etc from concerned departments of the State as per the existing policies/rules and regulations of the State Government. Catch all the market action on our live blog The meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled on 30/10/2024 to consider and approve the unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results of the company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2024. Shares of KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration made a remarkable market debut on October 3 with stock got listed at Rs 470, reflecting a jump of 113.63 percent from the issue price on the BSE. It ended the day with a premium of over 117 percent against the issue price of Rs 220. The Rajasthan-based company manufactures fin and tube-type heat exchangers for the heat ventilation, air-conditioning and refrigeration industry.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BPCL shares up 2% on JV agreement with Oil India for city gas distribution [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) share price gained 2 percent in the early trade on October 28 after the company is going to enter into joint venture agreement with Oil India. At 09:24am, Bharat Petroleum Corporation was quoting at Rs 312.10, up Rs 6.15, or 2.01 percent, on the BSE. The BPCl board at its meeting held on October 25, 2024 has approved entering into a joint venture agreement with Oil India for the purpose of developing city gas distribution (CGD) project in the state of Arunachal Pradesh. The above joint venture agreement will be entered into in due course after the receipt of necessary approvals, BPCL said. Catch all the market action on our live blog Both the companies will hold 50-50 percent in the JV company, which will do supply, distribution and marketing of CNG/PNG/LNG and allied retail business. The authorized share capital of proposed JVC shall be Rs 125 crore consisting of 125,00,0000 shares of Rs 10 each, with an option to enhance the same based on future investment opportunities. The initial issued, subscribed, and paid-up capital of proposed JVC shall be Rs 5 crore. In the said board meeting the company has decided not to pursue raising of capital through rights issue. Bharat Petroleum Corporation had reported a 72 percent year-on-year drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 2,297 crore for second quarter of financial year 2024-25. However, revenue from operations remained flat at Rs 1.18 lakh crore against Rs 1.17 lakh crore in the previous year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open flat on October 28, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,213, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Indian markets extended the fall for a fifth consecutive session on October 25, with the Nifty breaking 24,100 intraday, amid selling across the sectors barring FMCG. At close, the Sensex was down 662.87 points or 0.83 percent at 79,402.29, and the Nifty was down 218.60 points or 0.90 percent at 24,180.80. For the week, BSE Sensex and Nifty50 lost more than 2 percent each. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading flat, indicating a muted start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,213 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Gain) Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 and its Topix index climbed on Monday after the country’s Liberal Democratic Party lost its majority in Japan’s lower house following elections on Sunday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 1.16 -6.11 3.86 Nikkei 1.54 -4.80 6.74 Hang Seng 0.01 -2.24 22.67 Taiwan 0.38 4.59 16.10 Kospi 0.54 -4.86 -8.09 US Equities (Mixed) The Nasdaq ended higher on Friday, driven by megacap shares, as investors awaited quarterly results from some of Wall Street's biggest companies next week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 259.96 points, or 0.61%, to 42,114.40, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 1.74 points, or 0.03%, to 5,808.12 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 103.12 points, or 0.56%, to 18,518.61. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.61 -0.18 12.91 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.03 1.13 23.04 Nasdaq 0.56 2.15 24.66 US Bond Yield (Rises) US 10-Year Treasury added 71 bps at 4.27 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury rose 58 bps at 4.12 percent in the early trade on Monday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.27 3.75 4.83 US 2-Year Treasury 4.12 4.88 5 Dollar Index (Gain) Broader currency markets were steady, leaving the dollar on course for its largest monthly rise in 2-1/2 years as signs of strength in the U.S. economy and the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency have driven U.S. yields sharply higher. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.43 100.38 106.55 Asian currencies (Down) Except South Korean Won, all other Asian currencies were trading weak in the early trade on Monday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.403 -3.48 -1.58 South Korean Won 0.235 -5.34 -7.07 Japanese Yen -0.911 -6.55 -8.24 Philippines Peso -0.077 -4.03 -5.14 Thai Baht -0.328 -4.02 1.36 Taiwan Dollar -0.059 -1.32 -4.71 China Renminbi -0.189 -1.62 -0.486 Malaysian Ringgit -0.442 -5.46 -5.31 Singapore Dollar -0.234 -2.97 -0.317 Crude (Down) Oil prices tumbled after Israel's weekend strike on Iran bypassed oil or nuclear targets. Brent crude futures were 4.2% lower and traded as cheaply as $67.80 a barrel after Israel's response to an Iranian missile attack focused, so far, on missile factories and other sites near Tehran and not on disrupting energy supplies. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -4.74 0.31 -4.58 Brent Crude -4.63 1.07 -5.83 Gold (Down) Gold prices slipped nearly 1 percent at around USD 2728 per ounce , while Silver prices shed 1 percent at around USD 33.3 per ounce. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold -0.71 3.31 32.23 Silver -1.12 6.92 40.07 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities price were trading mixed in the early trade on Monday with Aluminium and Copper up 1 percent each, while Lead shed 1 percent and Zinc declined 2 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 1.04 2.53 12.31 Copper 1 -2.30 12.19 Nickel -0.79 -7.69 -2.63 Lead -1.37 -2.39 -1.09 Zinc -2.28 0.30 16.70 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,036 crore on October 25, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 4159 crore on the same day. 25th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,036.75 -84,818.85 -2,27,355.04 DII Net Flows 4,159.29 1,28,971.06 4,34,554.77 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Britannia, Karur Vysya Bank, Thermax, Vishnu Chemicals, CRISIL and others on Monday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The market saw sharp selling pressure after a couple of days of consolidation, extending its fall for the fifth consecutive session on October 25, with weak breadth. About 2,138 shares fell compared to 376 that rose on the NSE. The trend is expected to remain in favour of bears, continuing the 'sell on rally' strategy. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Vinay Rajani, CMT, Senior Technical and Derivative Analyst at HDFC Securities Angel One | CMP: Rs 2,799 After breaking out from the downward sloping trendline on the weekly charts, Angel One rose sharply with higher volumes. Due to the recent market correction, the stock has corrected toward the support of the 20-day SMA (Simple Moving Average). The primary trend of the stock remains bullish, with higher tops and higher bottoms on the weekly and monthly charts. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,010, 3,100 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,650 CRISIL | CMP: Rs 5,080 CRISIL has formed a rounding bottom formation on the weekly charts. The recent price rise has been accompanied by an increase in volumes. The stock is trading above all important moving averages, indicating a bullish trend across all time frames. Indicators and oscillators have turned bullish on both the daily and weekly charts. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,510, 5,700 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,750 Karur Vysya Bank | CMP: Rs 214.55 Karur Vysya Bank, after breaking out from the downward sloping trendline on the weekly charts, also rose sharply with higher volumes. Following the recent market correction, the stock has corrected toward the support of the 20-day SMA. The 8-day EMA is positioned above the 21-day EMA, indicating a bullish trend in the short-term time frame. The price breakout was accompanied by a rise in volumes. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 235, 245 Stop-Loss: Rs 200 Jigar S Patel, Senior Manager - Equity Research at Anand Rathi Grasim Industries | CMP: Rs 2,615 In the past two months, Grasim has consistently encountered resistance around the Rs 2,800 level, indicating difficulty in breaking past this mark. Additionally, the daily Relative Strength Index (RSI) has failed to surpass the 60 level, signaling weak upward momentum, which raises concerns for bullish investors. Recently, Grasim also broke below a bullish trendline, a bearish signal, and closed below its 20-day SMA high-low band. These technical indicators collectively suggest potential downside. Therefore, we recommend a short position in Grasim within the Rs 2,620-2,650 range, with a stop-loss above Rs 2,700 on a daily closing basis. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 2,475 Stop-Loss: Above Rs 2,700 HDFC Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 709.5 Over the past two months, HDFC Life Insurance has repeatedly faced resistance near the Rs 745 level, which corresponds to a significant historical peak last seen in September 2021. This resistance level has proven challenging for the stock, indicating limited buying momentum above this mark. Further reinforcing this weak upward drive, the daily RSI has consistently failed to exceed the 60 level, a threshold that typically signals strength in bullish trends. This inability to reach higher RSI levels suggests a lack of strong buying interest, raising concerns for bullish investors. Recently, the stock broke below an established bullish trendline, signaling a potential trend reversal to the downside. Adding to the bearish outlook, HDFC Life Insurance has closed below its 20-day SMA high-low band, indicating weakening support and momentum. Based on these technical factors, we recommend a short position in HDFC Life Insurance within the Rs 710-720 range. To manage risk, a stop-loss is advised above the Rs 748 level on a daily closing basis. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 650 Stop-Loss: Above Rs 748 Britannia Industries | CMP: Rs 5,669.4 Britannia's stock has seen a substantial decline, dropping by around 13.5 percent in the past month. However, it appears to have found strong support at the Rs 5,600 level, a region that previously acted as a demand zone where buying interest emerged. Observing the hourly chart, a bullish divergence is visible on the RSI hourly scale—indicating a possible reversal—as recent red candles have decreased in size while green candles are becoming larger. This pattern suggests that selling momentum is weakening, and buyers may be gradually stepping in. Given these signals, we recommend a long position in Britannia within the Rs 5,650-5,700 range, with an expected upside target of Rs 5,950. To manage downside risk, a stop-loss is suggested near Rs 5,535, set on a daily closing basis, ensuring an exit if the support fails and the stock declines further. This technical setup suggests a potential recovery, provided the demand zone holds strong. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,950 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,535 Rajesh Bhosale, Technical Analyst at Angel One Thermax | CMP: Rs 5,431 Thermax has demonstrated impressive strength in a sluggish market, delivering a bullish range breakout on Friday, signaling a continued uptrend into next week. Prices remain well above key averages, with dips finding buying interest around the 50-day EMA (Exponential Moving Average). The momentum oscillator, RSI, has also provided a smoothed buy signal alongside its moving averages. Hence, we recommend buying Thermax around Rs 5,430 - Rs 5,410. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,900 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,180 Vishnu Chemicals | CMP: Rs 491.5 A robust uptrend is underway, with prices consistently forming a higher top-higher bottom structure. Currently trading in uncharted territory, Vishnu Chemicals shows high volumes supporting the upward movement, highlighting its strength despite a broader market sell-off. Multiple bullish patterns are emerging, suggesting continued outperformance in the near term. Hence, we recommend buying Vishnu Chemicals around Rs 491 - 487. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 545 Stop-Loss: Rs 461. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: ICICI Bank, Waaree Energies, IndiGo, Inox Wind, DLF, Lodha, Bandhan Bank, Coal India, ITD Cementation in focus on Monday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, and quarterly earnings, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharmaceutical, BHEL, Adani Power, Punjab National Bank, Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC, Ambuja Cements, Arvind, Computer Age Management Services, CarTrade Tech, Dalmia Bharat Sugar, Federal Bank, Firstsource Solutions, Ideaforge Technology, Indraprastha Gas, Indegene, Indian Bank, Indian Oil Corporation, JSW Infrastructure, KFin Technologies, Kalpataru Projects International, LIC Housing Finance, Northern Arc Capital, Paras Defence, Pfizer, Quess Corp, RailTel Corporation of India, Shree Renuka Sugars, Skipper, and Tata Technologies will release their quarterly earnings on October 28. Quarterly Earnings ICICI Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit increases 14.5% to Rs 11,746 crore Vs Rs 10,261 crore Net interest income grows 9.5% to Rs 20,048 crore Vs Rs 18,307.9 crore Gross NPA falls to 1.97% Vs 2.15% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.42% Vs 0.43% (QoQ) Coal India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 22% to Rs 6,274.8 crore Vs Rs 8,048.6 crore Revenue slips 6.4% to Rs 30,673 crore Vs Rs 32,776.4 crore EBITDA drops 14.2% to Rs 8,617.1 crore Vs Rs 10,038.2 crore Margin drops 250 bps to 28.1% Vs 30.6% Coal India declares interim dividend of Rs 15.75 per share for FY25 Bank of Baroda Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 23% to Rs 5,238 crore Vs Rs 4,253 crore Net interest income rises 7.3% to Rs 11,622 crore Vs Rs 10,831 crore Gross NPA falls to 2.50% Vs 2.88% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.60% Vs 0.69% (QoQ) InterGlobe Aviation-IndiGo Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 986.7 crore Vs profit of Rs 188.9 crore Revenue grows 13.6% to Rs 16,969.6 crore Vs Rs 14,944 crore EBITDAR falls 0.5% to Rs 2,434 crore Vs Rs 2,446.5 crore EBITDAR margin drops 210 bps to 14.3% Vs 16.4% Board approves investment of upto Rs 295 crore in IndiGo Ventures Fund – I Bandhan Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 30% to Rs 937 crore Vs Rs 721 crore Net interest income grows 21% to Rs 2,948 crore Vs Rs 2,443 crore Net interest margin expands to 7.4% Vs 7.2% Gross NPA rises to 4.68% Vs 4.23% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 1.29% Vs 1.15% (QoQ) Macrotech Developers-Lodha Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 108.6% to Rs 423.1 crore Vs Rs 202.8 crore Revenue jumps 50.1% to Rs 2,625.7 crore Vs Rs 1,749.6 crore DLF Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 122.1% to Rs 1,381.2 crore Vs Rs 621.9 crore Revenue grows 46.5% to Rs 1,975 crore Vs Rs 1,347.7 crore Tax write back at Rs 466.80 crore Vs tax expenses at Rs 112.20 crore Intellect Design Arena Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 26% to Rs 52.5 crore Vs Rs 70.8 crore Revenue declines 10% to Rs 558.1 crore Vs Rs 619 crore Praj Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 13.7% to Rs 53.8 crore Vs Rs 62.4 crore Revenue falls 7.5% to Rs 816.2 crore Vs Rs 882.4 crore Order intake at Rs 921 crore Vs Rs 1,063 crore Texmaco Rail and Engineering Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 201.3% to Rs 74.1 crore Vs Rs 24.6 crore Revenue surges 67.2% to Rs 1,345.9 crore Vs Rs 805 crore Balkrishna Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 0.14% to Rs 347 crore Vs Rs 347.4 crore Revenue increases 7.4% to Rs 2,419.7 crore Vs Rs 2,253.2 crore Other income falls to Rs 90.5 crore Vs Rs 107.09 crore Freight and forwarding expenses jumps to Rs 183.2 crore Vs Rs 101.8 crore Torrent Pharmaceuticals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 17.4% to Rs 453 crore Vs Rs 386 crore Revenue rises 8.6% to Rs 2,889 crore Vs Rs 2,660 crore CreditAccess Grameen Q2 (YoY) Profit plunges 46.4% to Rs 186.1 crore Vs Rs 347 crore Net interest income increases 20.8% to Rs 932.4 crore Vs Rs 772 crore Impairment of financial instruments spikes 338.3% to Rs 420.1 crore Vs Rs 95.9 crore Inox Wind Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands Rs 90 crore Vs loss of Rs 27 crore Revenue surges 93% to Rs 742 crore Vs Rs 384 crore Order book jumps to 3,328 MW Vs 1,276 MW Aegis Logistics Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 1% to Rs 152 crore Vs Rs 150 crore Revenue zooms 42% to Rs 1,750 crore Vs Rs 1,235 crore Shriram Finance Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 18.3% to Rs 2,071.3 crore Vs Rs 1,750.8 crore Net interest income jumps 16.4% to Rs 5,606.7 crore Vs Rs 4,818.2 crore Company declares an interim dividend of Rs 22 per share Board approves stock split in the ratio of 1:5 Gross Stage-3 provision increases to Rs 12,764.2 crore Vs Rs 12,408 crore (QoQ) ECL provision Stage-3 rises to Rs 6,598.6 crore Vs Rs 6,346 crore (QoQ) Phoenix Mills Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 4.3% to Rs 292.2 crore Vs Rs 305.3 crore Revenue increases 5% to Rs 918 crore Vs Rs 875 crore CMS Info Systems Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 7.8% to Rs 90.9 crore Vs Rs 84.4 crore Revenue jumps 15% to Rs 624.5 crore Vs Rs 543.7 crore Sangam India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit plunges 47.5% to Rs 5.55 crore Vs Rs 10.6 crore Revenue soars 7.5% to Rs 675.6 crore Vs Rs 628.7 crore Kewal Kiran Clothing Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 36.2% to Rs 67.7 crore Vs Rs 49.7 crore Revenue grows 17.4% to Rs 308.2 crore Vs Rs 262.5 crore EBITDA increases 3.6% to Rs 63.9 crore Vs Rs 61.7 crore Margin drops to 20.7% Vs 23.5% Gensol Engineering Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 29.5% to Rs 22.9 crore Vs Rs 17.71 crore Revenue grows 13.8% to Rs 346.5 crore Vs Rs 304.6 crore EBITDA zooms 123.5% to Rs 106.6 crore Vs Rs 47.7 crore Margin expands 1,510 bps to 30.8% Vs 15.7% Mahindra Lifespace Developers Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss narrows to Rs 14 crore Vs loss of Rs 18.9 crore Revenue sinks 57.2% to Rs 7.6 crore Vs Rs 17.8 crore IDFC First Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit plunges 73% to Rs 201 crore Vs Rs 751 crore Net interest income grows 21% to Rs 4,788 crore Vs Rs 3,950 crore Provisions surges to Rs 1,732 crore Vs Rs 528 crore Gross NPA rises to 1.92% Vs 1.9% (QoQ) Net NPA falls to 0.48% Vs 0.59% (QoQ) JK Cement Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 28.5% to Rs 125.8 crore Vs Rs 176 crore Revenue slips 7% to Rs 2,560.1 crore Vs Rs 2,752.8 crore Godawari Power &amp;amp; Ispat Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 38% to Rs 159.1 crore Vs Rs 256.9 crore Revenue dips 1.8% to Rs 1,267.6 crore Vs Rs 1,291 crore Rainbow Children’s Medicare Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 25.4% to Rs 78.9 crore Vs Rs 62.9 crore Revenue increases 25.5% to Rs 417.5 crore Vs Rs 332.7 crore SBFC Finance Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 59.6% to Rs 83.98 crore Vs Rs 52.6 crore Net interest income grows 35.9% to Rs 213.5 crore Vs Rs 157.2 crore Titagarh Rail Systems Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit soars 14.3% to Rs 80.7 crore Vs Rs 70.6 crore Revenue increases 13% to Rs 1,057 crore Vs Rs 935.5 crore REC Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 6.2% to Rs 4,005.5 crore Vs Rs 3,772.9 crore Net interest income rises 21.2% to Rs 4,680.4 crore Vs 3,863.2 crore Central Depository Services Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 48.6% to Rs 162 crore Vs Rs 109 crore Revenue grows 55.4% to Rs 322.3 crore Vs Rs 207.3 crore Yes Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 145.6% to Rs 553 crore Vs Rs 225 crore Net interest income increases 14.3% to Rs 2,200 crore Vs Rs 1,925 crore Gross NPA falls to 1.6% Vs 1.7% (QoQ) Net NPA remains flat at 0.5% (QoQ) Stocks To Watch ITD Cementation The promoter, Italian-Thai Development Public Company, has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Renew Exim DMCC, part of the Adani Group, for the sale of a 46.64% stake at a price of Rs 400 per share. Renew Exim DMCC has also announced an open offer to acquire an additional 26% stake in ITD at Rs 571.68 per share. As of October 25, ITD's stock price was Rs 534. Suven Pharmaceuticals The pharma company has received approval from the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) for the merger of Casper Pharma with itself. Casper Pharma is a wholly owned subsidiary of Suven. Avenue Supermarts The DMart operator has completed the acquisition of a 26% shareholding in FP Ampere Energy (a wholly owned subsidiary of Fourth Partner Energy) for Rs 2 crore. Following this acquisition, FP Ampere has become an associate company of Avenue Supermarts. Axis Bank SEBI has issued a show cause notice to Axis Bank and its subsidiaries, Axis Securities and Axis Capital. Axis Bank and its subsidiaries are reviewing the contents of the show cause notice and will be filing responses with SEBI, as the transactions (purchase of shares of Max Life Insurance Company) were undertaken with the requisite regulatory approvals. Bharat Petroleum Corporation The Board has approved the company’s entry into a joint venture agreement with Oil India for developing a city gas distribution (CGD) project in Arunachal Pradesh. There will be a 50:50 shareholding between BPCL and Oil India in the joint venture. Adani Enterprises The company's subsidiary, Adani Airport Holdings, has incorporated a subsidiary named Celeritas International FZCO in the UAE for general trading business. Sky Gold The Board has approved the issuance of bonus shares in the ratio of 9:1 (nine new bonus equity shares for every existing equity share) to the eligible shareholders of the company as of the record date. KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration The company's subsidiary, KRN HVAC Products, has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the Government of Rajasthan for a proposed investment of Rs 1,000 crore. Bulk Deals IndusInd Bank Societe Generale sold a half-percent stake in the bank at an average price of Rs 1,070.61 per share, amounting to Rs 417.61 crore. Mac Charles (India) RBS Contracts bought a 1.58% stake in the company from Kachasa Investments at an average price of Rs 580 per share. Vadilal Enterprises Brescon Ventures sold a 0.87% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 4,150 per share, while Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal offloaded a 2.05% stake at an average price of Rs 4,093.07 per share. Mainboard Listing on October 28 Waaree Energies, Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India SME Listing on October 28 Premium Plast Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, Elecon Engineering, Ksolves India Stock Trades Ex-Date for Rights Shangar Decor Stock Trades Ex-Date for Amalgamation Jubilant Industries Stock Trades Ex-Date for Ex-Split Dr Reddy's Laboratories Stock Trades Ex-Bonus Reliance Industries F&amp;amp;O Ban Dixon Technologies, IDFC First Bank, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Escorts Kubota, IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, NMDC, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Petronet LNG; target of Rs 385: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Petronet LNG Petronet LNG (PLNG) 2QFY25 EBITDA came in 9% below our estimates at INR12b. Dahej utilization was down 9pp QoQ at 102%, while Kochi utilization stood at 22% (flat QoQ). Reported PAT at INR8.5b was in line with our estimate. In 2Q, the company booked additional provisions worth INR1.1b related to use-or-pay (UoP) charges. The Dahej terminal expansion from 17.5mmt to 22.5mmt is expected to be completed by Mar’25, after which it will be available for use. Management guided for a minimum throughput of 20mmtpa from Dahej terminal in FY26. However, until now, there has not been any material progress on signing anchor customers for the expanded capacity. In 2HFY25, the management expects capacity utilization at Dahej to remain ~95%-100%. Recently, two tanks were commissioned at Dahej (taking total number of tanks to 8), which will be beneficial for storing and processing more cargo. Outlook We value PLNG at 12x Dec’26E EPS to arrive at a TP of INR385. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Piramal Pharma; target of Rs 310: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Piramal Pharma Piramal Pharma (PIRPHARM) delivered better-than-expected operational performance in 2QFY25 fueled by superior traction in the CDMO segment (59% of sales). Following earnings deterioration in FY23/FY24, PIRPHARM is exhibiting healthy recovery in 1HFY25. Considering the advancement in clinical development of certain CDMO projects, the company is investing USD80m to double its sterile fill-finish capacities at the Lexington site. We trim our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 6%/3%/4% to factor in: 1) higher financial leverage, and 2) ongoing supply-chain issues in the injectable pain management segment. Compared to 15%/37% YoY revenue/EBITDA growth for 1HFY25, we expect 11%/15% YoY growth in revenue/EBITDA to INR50b/INR9b in 2HFY25. Outlook We value PIRPHARM on an SOTP basis (20x EV/EBITDA for the CDMO business, 12x EV/EBITDA for the complex hospital generics (CHG) business, and 13x EV/EBITDA for the India consumer products (ICP) business) to arrive at our TP of INR310. With enhanced inquiries on the CDMO front at industry level in India, we believe PIRPHARM is well poised to benefit from its differentiated capabilities and capacities. Further, it is increasing its offerings in the CHG segment through an established global network. Accordingly, we expect its PAT to scale up to INR7b by FY26 from INR560m in FY24. Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Metro Brands; target of Rs 1465: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Metro Brands Metro Brands (MBL)’s revenue grew 5% YoY (in line, -1% YoY in 1Q), driven by ~9% YoY area additions. Gross profit grew 2% YoY (3% miss) due to ~100bp impact of FILA inventory liquidation at higher discounts. EBITDA was flat YoY (5% miss) on account of lower gross margin, while PAT grew 6% YoY (7% miss). 1H revenue (2% YoY) and EBITDA (-2% YoY) were muted. However, management expects pick-up in 2H to drive 10-15% YoY revenue growth and EBITDA margins to expand to ~30% for FY25 (vs. ~29% in 1H). We lower our FY25/26 revenue/EBITDA by 1-4% and PAT by 3-5% on account of weaker 1H. However, given the pick-up in store additions; a long runway for growth in Metro, Mochi, and Walkway formats; and significant growth opportunity in FILA/Foot Locker, we build in revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 14%/18%/20% over FY24-27E. We reiterate our BUY rating on MBL with a TP of INR1,465 based on 70x Dec’26 EPS (implying 26% upside). Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on MBL with a TP of INR1,465 based on 70x Dec’26 EPS (implying 26% upside). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Laurus Labs; target of Rs 530: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Laurus Labs Laurus Lab (LAURUS) delivered largely in-line operational performance for 2QFY25. It witnessed an improving traction in the CDMO business, with a 33%/44% YoY/QoQ jump in sales for 2QFY25. However, this was offset by weak API segment. The commercialization of CDMO contracts is expected to pick up in 2HFY25, driving sales as well as operating leverage. We cut our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 6%/8%/5% to factor in: 1) a reduced off-take of ARV formulations; b) a gradual pick-up in ANDA-led FDF business; and c) a delay in onco-API sales. Compared to a stable 1HFY25 performance on the revenue/EBITDA front, we expect 13%/68% YoY growth in revenue/EBITDA to INR30b/INR7b for 2HFY25. Outlook The scale-up in sales from the CDMO segment and strong operating leverage are expected to drive strong performance for 2HFY25. Given the improving demand tailwind and increasing contribution expected from the CDMO segment over the next 3-4 years, we value LAURUS at 35x 12M forward earnings to arrive at our TP of INR530. Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy JSW Energy; target of Rs 900: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on JSW Energy JSW Energy (JSWE) reported 2QFY25 EBITDA of INR16.8b, below our estimate of INR19.3b. While net generation was up 14% YoY, EBITDA was negatively affected by lower merchant spreads and a one-time tariff impact from the hydro business. Adjusted 2Q PAT was 20% above our estimate at INR8.5b (est. INR7b, +19% YoY), mainly due to higher other income and a lower tax rate. The management maintained its full-year capex guidance of INR150b and highlighted that locked-in capacity stands at 19.2GW and only 3.5GW capacity is awaiting PPA. JSWE also highlighted that transmission and land-related visibility has been achieved for 80% of the pipeline, which has secured PPAs. JSWE remains confident of achieving timely completion of the RE project pipeline. Considering its strong operational performance and market position, we reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR900, valuing JSWE's core business at 15x Dec’26E EBITDA. Outlook We value JSWE's core business at 15x Dec’26E EBITDA, reflecting its strong operational performance and market position (FY27 EBITDA discounted for three months at 9%). The stake in JSW Steel is valued at a 25% discount to the current market price, acknowledging the strategic significance of this holding while incorporating a conservative valuation approach. By aggregating the values from these different components, the total equity value of JSWE was determined, leading to a TP of INR900/share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndusInd Bank; target of Rs 1500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IndusInd Bank IndusInd Bank (IIB)’s PAT declined 40% YoY/ 39% QoQ at ~INR13.3b (17% miss adjusted for contingent provision of INR5.25b). NII grew 5% YoY to INR53.5b (in-line), while other income declined 10.5% QoQ to INR21.85b (14% miss). NIM contracted sharply by 17bp QoQ to 4.08%. Loan book grew 13% YoY (2.7% QoQ), led by corporate and commercial books. Deposits grew 15% YoY (3.5% QoQ), led by faster growth in term deposits. Growth of MFIs declined sharply by 12% QoQ. Fresh slippages increased 17% QoQ to INR17.9b, primarily due to a rise in slippages in the consumer finance book to INR16.8b. GNPA/NNPA ratios increased 9bp/4bp QoQ to 2.11%/0.64%. IIB holds a total contingency buffer of INR15.25b as of Sep’24. We cut our earnings estimates by 16.7%/8.7% for FY25/26, leading to an RoA/RoE of 1.6%/13.6% by FY26. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR1,500 (premised on 1.5x FY26E ABV). Progression on asset quality (MFI business) and RBI’s approval for a fresh term for the MD and CEO remain key near-term events to monitor. Outlook We cut our earnings estimates by 16.7%/8.7% for FY25/26, leading to an RoA/RoE of 1.6%/13.6% by FY26. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR1,500 (premised on 1.5x FY26E ABV). Progression on asset quality (MFI business) and RBI approval for a fresh term to MD &amp;amp; CEO remain key near-term events to watch for. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DCB Bank; target of Rs 160: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on DCB Bank DCB Bank (DCBB) reported 22.6% YoY growth in PAT to INR1.55b (15% beat) due to higher other income. NII grew 7% YoY to INR5.1b (in line, up 2.5% QoQ). NIM moderated 12bp QoQ to 3.27%, adversely affected by extension of some of the one-offs that occurred in 1QFY25 (including replacement of penal interest with penal charges). Advances grew 19.3% YoY/5.4% QoQ, supported by healthy growth in gold loans, agri banking, and mortgages. Deposits rose 20% YoY/5.5% QoQ, led by growth in CASA deposits. CASA mix, thus increased 20bp QoQ to 25.6%. Fresh slippages inched up to INR3.89b (vs. INR3.73b in 1QFY25). GNPA/ NNPA ratios moderated 4bp/1bp QoQ to 3.29%/1.17% in 2QFY25. PCR stood stable at 65.2%. We fine-tune our earnings and estimate FY26 RoA/RoE at 0.96%/13.7%. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR160 (based on 0.9x FY26E ABV). Outlook while asset quality ratios witnessed marginal improvement. The restructured book was under control at 2.1% of loans. We fine-tune our earnings and estimate FY26 RoA/RoE at 0.96%/13.7%. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR160 (based on 0.9x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient; target of Rs 2100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Cyient DET business reported 2QFY25 revenues of USD173m, up 1.3% QoQ in CC vs. our estimate of 1.0% growth. Cyient reported broad-based growth in revenues across verticals, except Sustainability (down 6.45 QoQ cc). EBIT margin of the DET business was up 75bp QoQ/down 232bp YoY at 14.2%, above our estimates of 12.7%. Service order intake was muted at USD156.8m, down 14.7% YoY. DET PAT grew 24.9% QoQ/2.2% YoY to INR1,768m (est. INR1,427m). For 1HFY25, DET revenue/EBIT/PAT declined 2.3%/17.0%/7.3% vs. 1HFY24. In 2HFY25, we expect DET revenue/PAT to grow by 2.8%/4.9% and EBIT to decline 2.3% YoY. Our SOTP-based TP of INR2,100 implies an upside of 18%. Outlook We maintain our BUY rating on the stock, mainly owing to undemanding valuations and exposure to structurally strong verticals such as aerospace and sustainability. Our SOTP-based TP of INR2,100 implies an upside of 18%. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Birla Corporation; target of Rs 1500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Birla Corporation BCORP’s 2QFY25 EBITDA declined 39% YoY to INR1.8b (in line) and EBITDA/t fell 35% YoY to INR446 (est. INR436). OPM dipped 3.6pp YoY to 9%. The company reported a net loss of INR252m vs. PAT of INR586m in 2QFY24. The management is not much optimistic about the near-term outlook as the festive season and upcoming state elections could delay the expected recovery until Nov’24-end. It estimates volume growth at ~4% YoY in FY25, implying ~7-8% growth in 2HFY25. It estimates EBITDA/t improvement of up to INR150-170/t in 2H, out of which INR70/t would be from projects Unnati and Shikhar (combined), and the balance will be from better realization, positive operating leverage, and other cost savings. Outlook BCORP trades inexpensively at 7x/6x FY26E/FY27E EV/EBITDA, a lower valuation than its similar-sized peers. We reiterate our BUY rating with a revised TP of INR1,500 (earlier INR1,650), based on 9x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market posts longest weekly losing streak since August 2023; all sectors in the red [/INST] The full article is as follows: The market fall continued in the fourth straight week ended October 25, marking the longest losing streak since August 2023. The losses come amid heavy FII outflows due to China's stimulus measures, muted Q2 earning season and rising Middle East tensions. This week, BSE Sensex shed 1,822.46 points or 2.24 percent to finish at 79,402.29, while the Nifty50 index fell 673.25 points or 2.70 percent to close at 24,180.80. For October, both benchmarks shed 6 percent each. The BSE Small-cap index shed 7.3 percent with PNC Infratech, Huhtamaki India, Chennai Petroleum Corporation, KPIT Technologies, Bliss GVS Pharma, RBL Bank, Poonawalla Fincorp, Gravita India, and IIFL Securities falling between 20 percent and 32 percent. On the other hand, Timex Group India, CARE Ratings, Amber Enterprises India, Deepak Fertilisers, and City Union Bank added 10-15 percent. BSE Mid-cap Index plunged 5.2 percent with L&amp;amp;T Finance, Supreme Industries, Vodafone Idea, Rajesh Exports, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, Steel Authority of India, SJVN, Gujarat Fluorochemicals, AU Small Finance Bank, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, and Aditya Birla Fashion &amp;amp; Retail falling 10-15 percent. The BSE Large-cap Index shed 3.2 percent with IndusInd Bank, ABB India, Siemens, Indus Towers, Bandhan Bank, Adani Energy Solutions, Indian Oil Corporation, DLF, Tata Consumer Products, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Adani Enterprises falling 10-22 percent. On the sectoral front, Nifty Media, Metal, Realty shed 7 percent each, Nifty Oil &amp;amp; gas index fell more than 6 percent, Nifty PSU Bank index declined nearly 6 percent and Nifty Auto index slipped more than 5 percent. In terms of market value, Hindustan Unilever lost the most, followed by Reliance Industries, State Bank of India, and Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro. On the other hand, HDFC Bank, Tech Mahindra, Bajaj Finance added the most of their market-cap. (. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: More than 300 smallcaps lose between 10-32% as broader indices underperform [/INST] The full article is as follows: The broader indices continued their underperformance to the main indices, in the second consecutive week ended October 25 led by weak Q2 performance, selling across the sectors, continued FII outflow, and mixed global markets ahead of US presidential election. This week, BSE Sensex shed 1,822.46 points or 2.24 percent to finish at 79,402.29, while the Nifty50 index fell 673.25 points or 2.70 percent to close at 24,180.80. For the month of October, both the benchmarks shed 6 percent each. The BSE Large-cap Index, BSE Mid-cap Index and BSE Small-cap indices fell 3.2 percent, 5.2 percent and 7.3 percent, respectively. On the sectoral front, Nifty Media, Metal, Realty shed 7 percent each, Nifty Oil &amp;amp; gas index fell more than 6 percent, Nifty PSU Bank index declined nearly 6 percent and Nifty Auto index slipped more than 5 percent. Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) continued pulling out funds from the Indian markets during the week, as they sold equities worth Rs 20,024.27 crore. However, it was compensated by Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) as they purchased equities worth Rs 22,914.63 crore. In the month till now, the FIIs sold equities more than Rs 1 lakh crore, while DIIs purchased equities worth Rs 97,090.83 crore. &quot;Indian equity markets corrected sharply this week as FII continued with selling in Indian markets. Benchmark indices (Nifty 50 and Sensex 30) declined between 2-3% this week. The midcap and the smallcap stocks witnessed selling pressure. As a result, the BSE Midcap and the BSE Smallcap indices underperformed the larger peers and were down between 5-8% on a weekly basis,&quot; said Shrikant Chouhan, Head Equity Research, Kotak Securities. &quot;All the sectoral indices ended the week in the red with multiple indices seeing a weekly fall in excess of 6%. Market sentiment was also weighed down by weaker-than-expected Q2FY25 earnings and a weak commentary. The RBI MPC minutes released this week highlighted the fairly balanced risks to growth-inflation.&quot; &quot;Globally, geo-political development will likely keep the equity markets and prices of certain commodities volatile. In the coming weeks, key events include the US elections and the US FOMC meet. Stock specific action will continue based on Q2FY25 financial performance and management commentary,&quot; he added. The BSE Small-cap index declined 7.3 percent with PNC Infratech, Huhtamaki India, Chennai Petroleum Corporation, KPIT Technologies, Bliss GVS Pharma, RBL Bank, Poonawalla Fincorp, Gravita India, IIFL Securities falling between 20-32 percent. On the other hand, Timex Group India, CARE Ratings, Amber Enterprises India, Deepak Fertilisers, City Union Bank added between 10-15 percent. Where is Nifty50 headed? Amol Athawale, VP-technical Research, Kotak Securities We are of the view that, the current market texture is weak but oversold hence strong possibility of pullback rally from the current levels is not ruled out. For the traders now, 24100/79000 would act as a key support zone. Above the same, we could expect one technical bounce back till 24500/80300 and 100 day SMA or 24600/80600. On the flip side, fresh selloff possible only after dismissal of 24100/79000. Below the same, market could slip till 24000-23800/78700-78300. For Bank Nifty the 50500 would act as a key support zone. Above which, the pullback formation is likely to continue till 51200-51500. On the flip side, below 50500 it could correct till 50250-50000. Tejas Shah, Technical Research, JM Financial &amp;amp; BlinkX Technically, the evidence continues to suggest that the markets are likely to remain under pressure in the near term. However, there is a possibility of a minor pull back rally or sideways consolidation in the next 1 or 2 days after a sharp fall which was witnessed in Friday’s trading session. Support for Nifty is now seen at 24,100 and 24,000. On the higher side, immediate resistance for Nifty is at 24,450-500 levels and the next crucial resistance is at 24,700-750 levels. Vinay Rajani, Senior Technical &amp;amp; Derivative Research Analyst at HDFC Securities Nifty is currently trading below all important moving averages which indicates down trend on all time frames. However, RSI oscillator on Nifty daily chart has reached in to the oversold territory, which could result in to some pullback from the current levels. In case of pullback, Nifty could retrace back to the levels of 24600-24650, which happens to be a neckline level of bearish head and shoulder pattern on the daily chart. Primary trend has been bearish and higher levels should be utilized to lighten long commitments. On the downside, Nifty band of 23900-24000 is likely to act as a immediate support for the Nifty.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: OTM spread option strategy for long weekends: Shubham Agarwal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Often, we are presented with a week that has a trading holiday on Friday or Monday. This creates long weekends. Long weekends pose problems for Option traders on two fronts. 1. Time Value Drop in Premiums Option premium has a crucial element in its premiums that is directly related to time. This means that if the price of the underlying stock or index were not to move a single paisa for the entire expiry, the premium would go down bit by bit every day. This phenomenon is called Theta Decay. Problem of drop in premiums due to Theta Decay becomes bigger when the price cannot move for 3 straight days. In any case the premium is going to fall due to time. This becomes a bigger problem if you are close to expiry. 2. Opening Gaps post weekend Our markets are dependent on many national as well as international developments. Market keeps the prices in sync with the developments. However, a trading holiday especially before or after the weekend may not be able to do so. As a result, what happens is that the lack of sync gets a bigger impact when we open after the long weekend. Negative impact will get a bigger price cut in the opening hour. Similarly, a big gap up in case of positive development when we were in our day-off. Solution: OTM Spread Strategy. What is this strategy? OTM: Higher Strike Calls and Lower Strike Puts compared to the current market Price are called OTM Strikes. Spread: Spread is a strategy that involves Buying and Selling of Options of the same stock. The Strike prices are usually different with the same Option type (Call or Put). In OTM Spread strategy that we are referring to, one Buys an OTM Option and Sells a Further OTM Option. So, for a Call OTM Spread, one would Buy a higher strike Call and Sell even further higher strike Call. For Put one would Buy a lowers strike Put and sell even lower strike Put. Both the options are expected to be of the same expiry. Why Do This? While trading an expected move after the long weekend, we are expecting a big move. So, for a bullish move, a favourable development is expected to push much higher. At the same time an unfavourable development can have equally punishing impact. So, while preparing for Gap Up we should prepare for the Gap Down as well. Secondly, the problem of time value drop has to be solved. Firstly, OTM Spread is more sensitive to the favourable move but less sensitive to unfavourable move (See in the example). As far as time value is concerned, the Buy will lose on Time value, but the Sell Option will gain. This will offset. Example: RELIANCE @ 2687 (on 23rd Oct). Assuming 3 days off, we check Bullish OTM Spread’s expected performance after 3 days both 3% up and 3% down (with the grey line on the chart). The chart shows that if ~3% up one would be making 4400 while similar or even bigger fall would cost just 2000. The best way to trade long weekends is with OTM Spreads both bullish and bearish.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Nasdaq closes higher ahead of a heavy week of earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: The Nasdaq ended higher on Friday, driven by megacap shares, as investors awaited quarterly results from some of Wall Street's biggest companies next week. Tesla shares rose 3.36% a day after surging 22% on the electric vehicle maker's sales forecast. Amazon, Apple and Microsoft also rose. &quot;Tesla numbers helped rekindle some optimism of investors that the Magnificent Seven rally is not over,&quot; said Brian Jacobsen, chief economist at Annex Wealth Management. He was referring to the group of interest rate-sensitive technology stocks which have surged on enthusiasm for artificial intelligence. Chip heavyweight Nvidia gained, briefly overtaking Apple as the world's most valuable company based on its shares. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield edged higher as investors awaited U.S. employment data next week for clues on the likely path of Federal Reserve interest rate cuts. Earlier this week, the yield reached a three-month high of 4.26%, weighing on the stock market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 259.96 points, or 0.61%, to 42,114.40, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 1.74 points, or 0.03%, to 5,808.12 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 103.12 points, or 0.56%, to 18,518.61. The Dow slumped as banking shares fell, with Goldman Sachs down 2.27%, and as fast-food chain McDonald's lost 2.97% while coping with an E. coli outbreak linked to its hamburgers. &quot;Banks have rallied as (U.S. presidential candidate Donald) Trump's odds (of winning) increased, so it seems investors are taking some profits,&quot; said Michael Rosen, chief investment officer at Angeles Investments. Regional lender New York Community Bancorp dropped 8.26% after reporting its fourth straight quarterly loss, primarily due to its commercial real estate loans. Continued uncertainty around the U.S. election has made investors cautious. Equities have been unsettled this week by a rapid rise in yields as bets on rate cuts by the Fed unraveled on expectations of a stronger economic outlook. Only the Nasdaq closed the week with gains. The tech-heavy index rose 0.16%, while the S&amp;amp;P fell 0.96% and the Dow sank 2.68%. &quot;The Fed perhaps got a little too dovish ahead of the data. ... The growth and inflation numbers don't necessarily justify easing behavior,&quot; said Arnim Holzer, global macro strategist at Easterly EAB Risk Solutions. Investors are still pricing in another 25-basis-point rate cut at the Fed's November meeting and about two rate cuts by the end of the year, LSEG data showed. The week starting Oct. 28, the final stretch before the Nov. 5 U.S. presidential election, is crucial for Wall Street. This is when results from megacap tech firms including Alphabet (GOOGL.O), opens new tab, Apple and Microsoft are due, along with the October U.S. nonfarm payrolls report. &quot;Next week looms large with five of the Magnificent Seven stocks reporting and a host of tier one economic releases spanning third quarter,&quot; said Paul Eitelman, chief investment strategist for North America at Russell Investments. Capri Holdings slumped 48.89% after a U.S. judge blocked a pending merger between the fashion holding company and handbag maker Tapestry. Shares of Tapestry rose 13.54%. Reuters Graphics Bar chart with data from Evercore show the S&amp;amp;P 500 average annual returns according to White House and Congress party control since 1928. Most of the 11 S&amp;amp;P sectors closed down, with utilities leading the pack. Declining issues outnumbered advancers by a 1.56-to-1 ratio on the NYSE. There were 180 new highs and 43 new lows on the NYSE. The S&amp;amp;P 500 posted 30 new 52-week highs and two new lows while the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 87 new lows. Volume on U.S. exchanges was 11.54 billion shares, compared with the 11.28 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk deals : Vikasa India EIF I Fund buys 75,000 shares in Pelatro Limited [/INST] The full article is as follows: Vikasa India EIF I Fund-Incube Global Opportunities sold 75,000 shares in Pelatro Limited for an average price of Rs 288.81. Kachasa Investments Private Limited sold 2.08 lakh shares in Mac Charles India for an average price of Rs 580. While RBS Contracts Private Limited bought 2.08 lakh shares in Mac Charles India for an average price of Rs 580. Brescon Ventures Private Limited sold 7,481 shares in Vadilal Enterprises for an average price of Rs 4,150. Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal sold 17,719 shares in Vadilal Enterprises for an average price of Rs 4,093.07.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: NTPC to add 719 gigabyte of operational capacity by FY27 [/INST] The full article is as follows: NTPC plans to add 719.4 gigabyte of operational capacity by FY27, which will majorly be carried out through its subsidiary, NTPC Green Energy Limited (NGEL), said Jaikumar Srinivasan, director of finance at NTPC in the company's earnings conference call. Capacity addition for the current year is expected to be at 3 gigabytes, 5 gigabytes for FY26, and 8 gigabytes for FY27, the official added. Breaking down the capacity, NTPC has an additional 12 GW in contracted and awarded projects, Srinivasan said. These projects have already secured Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and are in final stages with all necessary documentation completed, he added. He said that 11 GW of renewable energy projects are progressing through various definitive stages. &quot;Though these projects have confirmed commitments, final award terms and PPA documentation are in the process of completion. NTPC anticipates bringing these projects under operational control by year-end,&quot; he added. NTPC reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 5,380 crore for the second quarter of 2024-25, up 14 percent from Rs 4,726 crore in the year-ago period. Revenue from operations in the September quarter was Rs 44,696 crore, a marginal decline from Rs 44,983 crore reported in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year. The company’s board also approved interim dividend of Rs 2.5 per share. NTPC is India's largest integrated power utility, contributing 25 percent of the country's power requirement.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Market extends fall on 5th day; Nifty below 24,200, Sensex slips 663 pts [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian markets extended the fall for a fifth consecutive session on October 25, with the Nifty breaking 24,100 intraday, amid selling across the sectors barring FMCG. At close, the Sensex was down 662.87 points or 0.83 percent at 79,402.29, and the Nifty was down 218.60 points or 0.90 percent at 24,180.80. Amid mixed global cues, the Indian indices opened positive but erased the gains in the opening hour and turned into red. However, as the day progressed, the indices extended the losses with Nifty falling below 24,100. For the week, BSE Sensex and Nifty50 lost more than 2 percent each. Also Read - Relentless FII selling, earnings setbacks and more: Factors behind the selloff on Dalal Street IndusInd Bank, BPCL, Adani Enterprises, Shriram Finance, and M&amp;amp;M were among the top losers on the Nifty, while gainers were ITC, Sun Pharma, Britannia Industries, HUL and Axis Bank. Among sectors, except FMCG (up 0.5 percent) all other indices ended in the red with auto, capital goods, metal, oil &amp;amp; gas, power, telecom, media down 1-2 percent. BSE Midcap index shed 1.5 percent and smallcap index fell 2.4 percent. More than 100 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, CARE Ratings, Cigniti Technologies, Coforge, Deepak Fertilisers, Dixon Technologies, Piramal Pharma, Poly Medicure, Radico Khaitan, Wockhardt, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 200 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Anupam Rasayan, Bandhan Bank, Birla Corp, CSB Bank, IDFC First Bank, IndusInd Bank, ITI, Mishra Dhatu, Poonawalla Fincorp, Prince Pipes, RBL Bank, Relaxo Footwear, Sheela Foam, Tanla Platforms, TCI Express, Trident, Ujjivan Small, Vodafone Idea, Zee Entertainment, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 28 Rupak De, Senior Technical Analyst, LKP Securities The Nifty slipped below recent consolidation as the lack of follow-up buying attracted selling pressure in the market, decisively falling below 24350. The sentiment appears extremely weak, with pullbacks likely to be sold into. Any rise toward 24300-24400 may be used to reduce long positions. Near-term support is placed at 24000; a break below this level could lead the index into a downtrend. Ajit Mishra – SVP, Research, Religare Broking Markets resumed their downtrend after a two-day pause, shedding nearly 1%. Following a flat opening, Nifty gradually declined throughout the session, although a slight bounce in the last hour helped trim some losses. Ultimately, it closed at 24,180, down by 0.90%. Key sectors such as metals, autos, and energy were among the hardest hit, with broader indices also declining by almost 2% each. The index’s movement reflects that bears are still in control, and a decisive break below 24,000 could worsen the outlook. In the event of a rebound, 24,500 will now serve as a strong resistance level. Traders should maintain a “sell on rise” strategy, as most sectors and broader indices remain under pressure. Focus should remain on earnings and Foreign Institutional Investor (FII) flows for further cues. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened on a flat note and witnessed a sharp correction today. It closed in the negative down ~219 points. On the daily charts we can observe that the Nifty after a one day pause has resumed its fall. It has reached 24000 – 24050 which coincides with a psychological support as well as the daily lower Bollinger band which shall restrict a sharp decline from heron. The trend remains negative, however there can be a pullback towards 24350 towards key hourly moving averages which should be used as a selling opportunity. On the downside, 24000 is likely from short term perspective. Bank Nifty witnessed a severe decline and closed down 744 points. The structure is weak and is now aligning with the broader market. On the downside we expect Bank Nifty to drift lower towards 49500 - 49400 from short term perspective.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Nippon Life India Asset Management; target of Rs 840: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Nippon Life India Asset Management Core revenues grew 44% y-o-y/ 13% q-o-q driven by strong growth in mutual fund AUM (up 57% y-o-y/ 14% q-o-q). Overall AUM reached Rs 6.5 lakh crore (up 50% y-o-y). Blended revenue yields were at 42 bps stable q-o-q and lower by 4 bps y-o-y. Core PBT grew by 57% y-o-y/ 19% q-o-q. Overall, the market share rose by 9 bps q-o-q in mutual fund AUM to 8.3%. Equity market share (ex-ETFs) also rose 8 bps q-o-q to 6.96%. Equity AUMs rose ~70% y-o-y and 16% q-o-q. SIP flows rose by 20% q-o-q and market share in SIP flows has improved to ~12-13% vs ~10% y-o-y. Outlook We maintain a Buy with an unchanged PT of Rs. 840. At CMP, the stock trades at 30.3x/ 27.4x/ 23.6x its FY2025E / FY2026E/ FY2027E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Colgate-Palmolive; target of Rs 3000: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Colgate-Palmolive We reiterate our REDUCE call on Colgate due to a high base for growth delivery ahead. The company has executed well on oral care and consistently surprised the street with its performance. However, amid a tough demand setting now, we see price power waning which will limit margin delivery ahead and result in muted earnings. Q2 results were a miss – 10% sales growth (3% lower than our estimate) and 4% adj PAT growth (11% lower). We believe business diversification is key for double-digit growth ahead; the company could double down on personal care offerings which, though, could be margin dilutive. Outlook After Q2 results and weak management commentary, we cut FY25-27E earnings 5- 8% and lower our target valuation multiple, from 50x to 47x (now at 10% premium to the last 5YF avg P/E). Our new Sep-25E TP is Rs 3,000. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UGRO Capital; target of Rs 360: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on UGRO Capital Ugro reported a satisfactory performance in Q2FY25, where it delivered a strong performance in terms of highest-ever net disbursement of Rs19.7bn (+34% YoY; +71% QoQ) and AUM reaching Rs101.6bn (+34% YoY; +10% QoQ). The momentum on fund mobilization and co-lending/direct assignment was strong in the quarter, leading to strong growth in Assignment income. Additional write-off in the rundown supply chain finance book led to a surge in credit cost for the quarter, affecting profitability. Overall, the company is on the right track to deliver sustained strong growth with better profitability driven by operating leverage and improvement in funding cost. To reflect Q2FY25 developments, we have adjusted our FY25-27 estimates leading to ~6-10% cut in FY25-27 EPS. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with revised Sep-25E TP of Rs360 (earlier Rs390), implying FY26E P/BV of 1.6x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndusInd Bank; target of Rs 1650: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on IndusInd Bank IndusInd Bank (IIB) reported a sharp 42% earnings miss in 2Q with PAT/RoA at Rs13.3bn/1%, mainly due to slower credit growth (13% YoY), lower fees (partly due to lower penal fees), and higher LLP. Higher provisions in 2Q were primarily due to elevated MFI stress across players and partly to shore-up contingent provision buffer (Rs5.3bn in 2Q, though little later than guided) to Rs15.3bn/0.4% of loans. Gross slippages were higher at 2.1% (vs 1.8% in 1Q) largely due to stress in MFI and some slip-up in CE, Card, and TW, leading to 9bps QoQ uptick in GNPA ratio to 2%. Going forward, the bank guides for calibrated growth mostly led by secured loans, and expects asset quality relief by 4Q and so also on provisions. Factoring in slower growth, fees, and higher LLP, we cut earnings for FY25/26/27E by 17%/10%/3%. Outlook We cut our TP to Rs1,650 from Rs1,800, valuing the bank at 1.8x Sep-26E ABV. However, we retain BUY on the stock given its cheaper valuation and expected steady improvement in RoA to 1.8% in FY27E from 1.4% in FY25E, led by better margins benefiting from the rate-cut cycle and contained LLP. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ujjivan Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 45: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Ujjivan SFB reported 24% PAT miss at Rs2.3bn, mainly due to lower other income and higher provisions, as stress in MFI accelerates. Bank’s AUM growth moderated to 14% YoY/1% QoQ (net credit growth at 20% YoY), as it continued with its cautious growth strategy in MFI as initiated in 1Q. However, the bank remains focused on accelerating secured loan growth with its share now at 35% from 31% in Q1; it hopes to achieve 40% by Mar-25. This should weigh on margins, while LLP should remain elevated with hopes of some asset quality normalization by 4Q. However, the bank aspires for steady RoE at 18- 20% on the back of better risk-adjusted margins, better operating leverage, and contained LLP as it transitions toward higher share of secured loans. Factoring in lower NIM/higher LLP, we cut earnings for FY25E/26E/27E by 24%/14%/8%. We also cut our TP further to Rs45 from Rs55, valuing the bank now at 1.1x Sep-26E ABV. However, we retain BUY given relatively superior RoAs among peers and the potential transition to being a Universal Bank. Outlook Factoring in lower NIM/higher LLP, we cut earnings for FY25E/26E/27E by 24%/14%/8%. We also cut our TP further to Rs45 from Rs55, valuing the bank at 1.1x Sep-26E ABV. However, we retain BUY given relatively superior RoAs among peers and potential transition towards a Universal Bank. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SBI Life Insurance Company; target of Rs 1901: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on SBI Life Insurance Company The Gross Written Premium (GWP) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 204,132 Mn, a growth of 1.2% YoY (+31.1% QoQ), primarily led by a 15.8% YoY growth in the renewal premium. GWP missed our estimates. The Value of the New Business (VNB) declined by 2.7% YoY (+49.5% QoQ) to INR 14,500 Mn. PAT for Q2FY25 was INR 5,294 Mn, a growth of 39.3% YoY (+1.9% QoQ). As of September 30, 2024, AUM stood at INR 4,389.5 Bn, a growth of 27.2% YoY (+5.8% QoQ), with a debt-equity mix of 60:40. The embedded value for the quarter ended September 2024 stood at INR 660.7 Bn, a growth of 28.9% YoY and an operating return on embedded value (ROEV) of 19.5%, indicating that SBILIFE is efficiently generating returns on its existing business. SBILIFE’s solvency ratio as of September 30, 2024, stood at 2.04x, which is significantly above the regulatory requirement of 1.5x. Outlook We revise our target price to INR 1,901 per share (earlier INR 2,160), assigning a multiple of 2.2x (earlier 2.5x) for its FY26E embedded value. Accordingly, we maintain our “BUY” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Navin Fluorine International; target of Rs 3769: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Navin Fluorine International Navin Fluorine International Ltd. (NFIL) Q2FY25 earnings exceeded projections while revenue missed our estimates. Revenue increased to INR 5,186 Mn by 9.9% YoY (-1.0% QoQ), missing our estimates by 4.4%. EBITDA stood at INR 1,074 Mn, up 9.2% YoY (+7.0% QoQ), missing our expectations by 3.5%. EBITDA margin came in at 20.7%, down 14bps YoY (+154bps QoQ). The QoQ improvement in margin was attributable to improved gross margin by (+80bps) and a reduction in other expenses (+64bps). PAT came in at INR 588 Mn, down 2.9% YoY (+14.9% QoQ) and exceeded our expectations. PAT margin stood at 11.3% down 150bps YoY (+157bps QoQ). We project FY26E EPS of INR 89.7 and assign a P/E multiple of 42.0x, reflecting our confidence in the company’s ability to enhance margins, capitalize on increased capacity, and robust sales from the HPP segment. Outlook Additionally, stable Hydrofluoroolefins (HFO) operations, maximized capacity utilization, and improved productivity further support our outlook Accordingly, we arrive at a TP of INR 3,769 and retain our “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of NFIL. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Godrej Consumer Products; target of Rs 1545: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Godrej Consumer Products Godrej Consumer Products Limited’s (GCPL’s) Q2FY2025 performance was in line with expectations with revenue rising ~2% y-o-y (high single-digit domestic volume growth), OPM rising by 70 bps y-o-y to 20.8% and adjusted PAT growing by 12% y-o-y. India business volume growth of 7% is much better as compared with some large FMCG peers in the current muted demand environment. International biz continues see margin expansion supporting overall profitability. H2 is expected to post double-digit revenue growth with price-led growth in soaps, while HI to post low double-digit growth, while liquid detergents to register strong scale up in sales. Margins to remain under pressure in the near term. Outlook The stock has corrected by 19% from its recent high and trades at 59x/47x/41x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E earnings, respectively. We maintain a Buy with revised PT of Rs. 1,545. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DCB Bank skyrockets 10% after healthy Q2FY25 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of DCB Bank surged 10 percent to Rs 121 apiece on October 25 after the lender reported healthy July-September quarter (Q2FY25) results. The bank reported a 22.6 percent year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit to Rs 155.5 crore for Q2FY25, while net interest income (NII) grew 7 percent YoY to Rs 509.2 crore. On the asset quality front, net non-performing assets (NNPA) improved slightly to 1.17 percent in Q2FY25, compared to 1.18 percent in the previous quarter. Similarly, the gross non-performing assets (GNPA) ratio declined to 3.29 percent, down from 3.33 percent in Q1FY25. “Our growth momentum remains strong across both deposits and advances,” said Praveen Kutty, Managing Director and CEO. “A greater focus on analytics and customer engagement is driving growth in fee income. Recoveries and upgrades have been encouraging, and we are actively working on enhancing productivity. Looking ahead, we anticipate steady improvement in profitability.” ALSO READ: Should investors bet on DCB Bank? DCB Bank has 451 branches across 20 states and 2 union territories. It is a scheduled commercial bank regulated by the Reserve Bank of India. Following its Q2 update, Kotak Institutional Equities maintained their 'buy' rating and kept target price unchanged at Rs 160 per share. &quot;The quarter had no new negative surprises on most operating ratios that we monitor. Cost of funds appears to have peaked, as it has remained unchanged for the past three quarters, while yields have shown a marginal decline, but is less worrisome and not a sign of any intense competition on the ground. The slower growth in select high-yielding products has mostly led to this performance,&quot; the brokerage firm added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Afcons Infra IPO: Issue sees muted response with 10% subscription on Day 1 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Afcons Infrastructure's Rs 5,430-crore initial public offer (IPO) was off to a slow start on October 25, the first day of bidding, after the issue was subscribed just 10 percent. The public offer drew bids for 85.94 lakh shares as against 8.66 crore shares on offer, according to exchange data. Afcons Infrastructure is a key engineering and construction arm of the Shapoorji Pallonji group, boasting over 60 years of experience. The company is globally present in Asia, Africa and the Middle East. The company has five major infrastructure business verticals. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates As per NSE data, retail investors were at the forefront, buying 14 percent of the portion reserved for them. The non-institutional investors portion was booked just 11 percent times while the employee quota was subscribed 39 percent. QIBs or Qualified Institutional Buyers bought 1 percent shares of their reserved portion. The issue is a combination of a fresh issue of 2.7 crore shares aggregating to Rs 1,250 crore and an offer for sale of 9.03 crore shares aggregating to Rs 4,180 crore. The company plans to use the IPO proceeds to fund several objectives, including capital expenditure for purchasing construction equipment, meeting long-term working capital needs, prepaying or repaying a portion of certain outstanding borrowings and acceptances, and for general corporate purposes.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Schaeffler India; target of Rs 4170: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Schaeffler India Reported APAT at Rs 247 crore against estimate of Rs 256 crore (up 5.1% y-o-y), while EBITDA margins contracted by 40 bps y-o-y to 18.1% (against estimate of 18%). Exports to Europe remain weak though those to other destinations are performing well. Outlook We retain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 4170 in anticipation of sustenance in domestic demand, success in the high-value EV business, increased localisation, and expectation of improvement in the aftermarket segment. Stock trades at a P/E multiple of40.8x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 26.4 its CY2026 estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bank stocks under pressure as lenders flag stress in MFI portfolio, weaker asset quality [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bank stocks were under pressure on October 25 in an overall weak market led by 20 percent drop in IndusInd Bank shares as it flagged stress in its micro-finance portfolio and deteriorating asset quality picture. Others like AU Small Finance Bank, Canara Bank, PNB, IDFC First Bank, and Bank of Baroda also bore the brunt of the worst of selloff and declined in the range of 2-6 percent. Apart from IndusInd Bank, Kotak Mahindra, RBL Bank, and AU Small Finance Bank have reported stress in their asset quality, with significant increase in bad loans driven by stress in credit card and microfinance loans. IndusInd Bank, in its latest second-quarter update, reported a surprise 39 percent year-on-year drop in net profit due to higher provisions, shrinking margins, and worsening asset quality. Following a disappointing Q2 performance, brokerages slashed target prices of the lender. Nuvama Institutional Equities, for instance, cut target price to Rs 1,290 apiece and downgraded the stock to 'hold' from 'buy.' ALSO READ: IndusInd Bank sees higher provisions as one-time profit hit, expects gradual easing of MFI stress Nirmal Bang, too, downgraded the stock to 'hold' from 'buy' and cut target price to Rs 1,443 from Rs 1,653. &quot;The stock will see an overhang from the near-term perspective owing to slowdown in loan growth, stress in secured and unsecured loan segments, pending RBI nod from Sumanth Kathpalia's tenure extension,&quot; they said. Meanwhile, RBL Bank had also said that the stress in micro-finance book is due to industry-wide issues. Fresh slippages of the lender nearly doubled to Rs 1,026 crore during the quarter, wherein 70 percent came in from credit cards and the rest from micro-finance.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Strides Pharma Sciences; target of Rs 1874: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Strides Pharma Sciences Q2FY25 revenues totaling Rs. 1,201 crore, demonstrating a significant y-o-y growth rate of 20%. EBITDA stood at Rs. 236 crore, marking a remarkable y-o-y increase of 31%. This strong performance not only underscores operational efficiency but also maintains a healthy EBITDA margin of 20%, indicating effective cost management alongside revenue growth. US segment achieved record-breaking revenues of $75 million in Q2FY25, showcasing an impressive growth of 26.2% compared to the same period last year. Outlook Currently, the stock trades at an appealing valuation of 26x and 21x its estimated EPS for FY2026 and FY2027, respectively that suggests promising investment opportunities, justifying a revised price target of Rs. 1,874. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coforge; target of Rs 8900: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Coforge Coforge reported revenue of $369.4 million, up 26.8% q-o-q/32.8% y-o-y. Organic revenue stood at $309.8 million, up 5.5% q-o-q in constant currency terms, beating our estimate of $305.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin declined ~127 bps q-o-q to 16.6% owing to wage hike. The executable order book over the next 12 months jumped to $1.3 billion from $1.07 billion, up 40% y-o-y. The company is committed to its medium-term guidance of not only reaching the $2 billion mark but also delivering a concurrent material expansion in EBITDA. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 8,900 (valued at 40x its Sep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 49.3/39/31x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ramkrishna Forgings; target of Rs 1111: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Ramkrishna Forgings Adjusted PBT at Rs 126.3 crore was in line estimates, but APAT missed estimates on higher tax provisions. Company continued to guide for a 15-20% volume growth guidance in near term. Outlook We maintain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 1111 on diversification strategies, robust guidance, firm business plan and management’s focus on sustaining high OPM. Stock trades at P/E multiple of 25.7x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 13.3x its FY27E estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bikaji Foods share price leaps 10% as investors cheer strong Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bikaji Foods International surged up to nearly 10 percent after the company reported positive quarterly earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. (Q2 FY25). The snacks manufacturer reported a net profit rise of 14.7 percent on-year at Rs 68.6 crore during the quarter under review. The company's revenue surged by 19 percent YoY to Rs 721.2 crore during this period. At the operation level, Bikaji's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) rose 22 percent YoY to Rs 106.7 crore, with the EBITDA margin expanding to 14.8 percent from 14.4 per cent a year earlier. Bikaji Foods International is the third largest ethnic snacks manufacturer in India, with an international presence selling Indian snacks and sweets. It is also the second fastest-growing company in the Indian organised snacks market. Its product range includes six principal categories: bhujia, namkeen, packaged sweets, papad, western snacks, and other snacks, which primarily feature gift packs (assortments), frozen food, mathri, and cookies. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Segment-wise, revenue from the papad category grew by 26 percent YoY, while western snacks and packaged sweets saw increases of 23 percent and 22 percent, respectively. Ethnic snacks revenue rose by 10.5 percent, contributing 63.8 percent to overall revenue, while papads accounted for 4.1 percent, and western snacks and packaged goods contributed 8.3 percent and 17.5 percent, respectively. At 12:12 pm, Bikaji Foods shares were trading over 4 percent higher at Rs 870.65 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 60 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 85 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Colgate Palmolive India; target of Rs 3555: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Colgate Palmolive India Colgate-Palmolive (India)’s (Colgate’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were mixed with revenue coming in line with expectations, while margins missed mark owing to higher advertising spends. Revenue grew by 10% y-o-y while OPM fell by 206 bps y-o-y leading to lower PAT growth at 3.9% y-o-y. Toothpaste delivered another quarter of high single-digit volume growth driven by core brands, while toothbrush segment continued to grow in double digits led by premiumisation. Higher ad spends (up by ~18% y-o-y) dented OPM, which came in at 30.7% versus expectation of ~34%. Outlook The stock trades at premium valuations of 59x/53x/47x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E earnings, respectively. With an unfavourable risk-reward ratio, we maintain a Hold with an unchanged PT of Rs. 3,555. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Afcons Infrastructure IPO; Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services, Afcons Infrastructure Ltd Afcons Infrastructure Ltd. (AIL), the flagship infrastructure, engineering, and construction company of the Shapoorji Pallonji Group, was founded in 1959. AIL’s diverse portfolio includes marine and industrial, surface transport, urban infrastructure, hydro and underground, and oil and gas projects. With a significant international footprint, AIL derives about 30% of its revenue from exports, operating in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East. Over the last 11 years, AIL has completed 79 projects in 17 countries, totalling ₹56,305cr. in contract value. The Indian construction industry, valued at ₹23,978 billion in FY23, is projected to be the world’s fastest-growing construction market. It is expected to grow at a CAGR of ~10% from FY23 to FY28, reaching ₹38,508.9 billion by FY28. (Source: Fitch Report). As of June 30, 2024, AIL had 65 active projects across 12 countries, with an order book totalling ₹31,747cr. The order book to sales ratio for FY24 stood at 2.4x, providing revenue visibility for the next 2 to 3 years. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the company was an ‘L1 bidder’ for projects worth ₹10,732.36cr. For FY24, the company achieved a healthy ROCE (15.3%), ROE (12.5%), EBITDA margins (10.3%), and PAT margins (3.4%) among its peers due to its execution capability. Valuation and Outlook Considering its extensive experience in completing high-value and complex projects that offer better margins. Geographical diversification with operations across multiple sectors broadens their revenue base and mitigates risks. With a robust order book and a successful track record of project completion, we assign a “Subscribe” rating for medium- to long-term investment. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold ICICI Prudential Life Insurance; target of Rs 750: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance For Q2FY25, the VNB margin stood at 23.4%, a decline of 458 bps YoY/ 64 bps QoQ). The decline in VNB margin was primarily due to two factors: a) the shift in the underlying product mix towards unit link and the decline in the non-participating business, and b) the impact of macroeconomic factors such as the decline in G-Sec yields. For H1FY25, the company reported a cost to TWRP of 29.4%. This ratio declined from 32.6% in Q1FY25), indicating an improvement in cost efficiency. The cost to TWRP for the savings line of business stood at 17.9% in H1FY25, down from 19.2% in Q1FY25. Total APE stood at INR 25,040 Mn for Q2FY25, reporting a growth of 21.4% YoY/ 27.6% QoQ. This was led by a continued surge of 34.6% YoY in the first-year premium segment. The New Business Premium (NBP) saw a 12.2% YoY growth during the quarter. The single premium segment reported a muted growth of 0.9% YoY. Driven by the strong APE growth, the company gained 1.1% private sector market share on an RWRP (Renewal Weighted Received Premium) basis, reaching 10.3% in H1FY25. The credit life growth in Q2FY25 was subdued, primarily due to a slowdown in the Microfinance Institution (MFI) segment. The company actively seeks to add new financial institution partners to its credit life distribution network to broaden its reach and reduce reliance on any single partner. IPRU has added ten new partners in Q2FY25. Outlook We assign a 1.8x P/EV (unchanged) on FY26E EVPS of INR 416.0 to arrive at a Target Price of INR 750 per share (unchanged), indicating a 0.4% upside from the CMP. Accordingly, we maintain our rating of “HOLD” on the shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank no more in league of India's 10 most valuable lenders [/INST] The full article is as follows: IndusInd Bank dropped from the league of 10 most-valued lenders in terms of market capitalisation after its stock declined most since pandemic dragged by poor earnings in the September quarter. The IndusInd Bank stock dropped 18 percent, making its steepest fall since March 2020, to hit over one-year low of Rs 1,065 a share. As the lender's m-cap went down to Rs 81,000 crore, it moved to the 12th spot on the list of most valued banks, while Canara Bank, IDBI Bank and Union Bank moved into the elite club. HDFC Bank, India’s most profitable lender, is the most valuable bank in India with a market cap of Rs 13.25 lakh crore, followed by ICICI Bank at Rs8.81 lakh crore and state-run State Bank of India at Rs6.97 lakh crore. Axis Bank came fourth, followed by Kotak Mahindra Bank, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Canara Bank, IDBI Bank and Union Bank. IndusInd Bank reported a weak quarter, marked by increased provisions, declining other income, and slower growth in higher-yielding loans. Several brokerages too have cut its target price. The bank's deposit growth, however, remained robust, driven by term deposits. Its net interest margin (NIM) sharply contracted due to rising costs and sluggish growth in higher-yielding assets. Additionally, asset quality ratios slightly worsened as fresh slippages, mainly from the consumer finance segment, remained high. In Q2FY25, the bank's consolidated net profit plummeted 40 percent on-year to Rs 1,331 crore, significantly missing expectations, primarily due to nearly doubling the loan loss provisions. Operating expenses, including finance costs, rose faster than income, further impacting profits. While net interest income (NII) grew 5 percent, the net interest margin (NIM) declined to 4.08 percent from 4.29 percent a year earlier. Provisions reached Rs 1,820 crore, up 87 percent from Rs 974 crore. Additionally, the gross non-performing asset (GNPA) ratio increased 9 basis points to 2.11 percent, and the net NPA ratio rose 7 basis points to 0.64 percent. Several PSU banks, including Bank of Baroda, PNB, IOB, Union Bank of India, and Canara Bank, saw a significant surge since last one year, each crossing a market capitalisation of Rs 1 lakh crore. The rally in the PSU stocks was also after strong earnings, lower provisioning and drop in non-performing assets.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Supreme Petrochem; target of Rs 877: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Supreme Petrochem Supreme Petrochem reported better-than-expected top-line growth compared to our estimates due to an increase in price realization. However, profitability was in-line with our estimate with stable pricing in key raw material Styrene Monomer. We believe continued robust domestic demand, especially in the OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) sector, and EPS (Expandable polystyrene) capacity expansion and a new Mass ABS (Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene) project will drive future growth. We lower our FY25E/FY26E estimates by 2.1% and 0.9%, respectively due to reduction in volume guidance. Outlook We assign a P/E multiple of 27.0x (previously: 27.5x) on FY26E EPS of INR 32.5 to arrive at a target price of INR 877/share (previously: INR 903/share) as exports are under pressure with geopolitical uncertainty. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank share price nosedives 15% as Q2 results disappoint; brokerages remain bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IndusInd Bank plunged 15 percent on October 25, falling the most in nearly 5 months after the lender reported a poor set of numbers for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (Q2 FY25). Data also showed that 2.38 million shares of the bank changed hands in different block deals. IndusInd Bank reported a significant drop in its consolidated net profit for Q2 FY25, falling 39.5 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 1,331 crore. The bank’s net interest income (NII), a key indicator of profitability, saw a growth of 5 percent on-year to Rs 5,347 crore during the July-September quarter. Despite the growth in NII, the overall profit fell, indicating pressure on other financial metrics. However, the growth in NII was below market expectations. The bank’s net interest margin (NIM), a key indicator of profitability, fell to 4.08 percent from 4.29 percent in the year-ago period, indicating some pressure on margins. At 9:55 am, IndusInd Bank shares were trading 14 percent lower at Rs 1,099.30 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). HSBC still maintained a 'buy' rating on IndusInd Bank but lowered its target price to Rs 1,510 per share from Rs 1,770 earlier. The downgrade stems from disappointing performance in microfinance loans, which led to adverse movements in loan growth, net interest margins (NIM), and credit costs. Consequently, the brokerage reduced its earnings per share (EPS) estimates by 8.7 percent to 21.4 percent for FY25-27, reflecting the impact of lower loan growth and pressure on earnings metrics. Despite these challenges, HSBC highlighted that at 1.3 times FY26 book value per share, the company presents a favorable risk-to-reward ratio. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Motilal Oswal also issued a 'buy' call for IndusInd Bank, setting a target price of Rs 1,500 per share. The second quarter was noted as weak, but the bank is navigating near-term challenges, it said. The brokerage reduced its earnings estimates by 16.7 percent and 8.7 percent for FY25 and FY26, respectively, projecting a return on assets (RoA) and return on equity (RoE) of 1.6 percent and 13.6 percent by FY26. Key near-term events to monitor include the progression of asset quality in the microfinance business and the RBI's approval for a fresh term for the bank’s MD and CEO, said Motilal Oswal. IndusInd Bank's provisions and contingencies ballooned 87 percent YoY basis to Rs 1,820 crore from Rs 974 logged in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal. This includes an increase of Rs 525 crore in the contingent provisions as a prudent measure by the bank. Total loan-related provisions stood at Rs 8,412 crores (2.4% of loan book) as of September 30, the lender said. Provisions represent liabilities whose timing or amount is uncertain. Banks set aside these amounts from their profits to cover potential expenses or obligations. As a liability account, provisions involve allocating and reserving resources for these anticipated costs. Contingent liabilities, on the other hand, are potential obligations that may emerge in the future as a result of current or past events.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: L&T shares fall 2% as UBS downgrades to 'neutral' citing near term hurdles [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Larsen and Toubro, also known as L&amp;amp;T, were off to a weak start on the bourses on October 25 after falling 2 percent to Rs 3,378 after UBS downgraded the stock to 'neutral' and slashed the target price as it saw a slew of headwinds in the coming quarters. With a price target of Rs 4,000, the brokerage highlights an upside potential of 16 percent from the last closing price of Rs 3,443. The previous target price given by the brokerage was Rs 4,400. L&amp;amp;T shares have slipped 11 percent in the past month. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The international broking firm suggests that even as core earnings remain supportive, it is anticipated there could likely be a slowdown in new order growth, which the market typically values more highly than core earnings for L&amp;amp;T. Analysts at the firm believe that managing returns and cash flow will be critical as the company shows a reduced appetite for growing its order book. Despite these challenges, UBS notes that the valuation discount compared to industrial incumbents provides some comfort. In August, the construction major's Power Transmission &amp;amp; Distribution (PT&amp;amp;D) vertical secured new mega orders, valued between Rs 10,000 crore and Rs 15,000 crore, to strengthen and expand electricity grids in the Middle East. At about 9:40 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 3,384, lower by 2 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: NTPC share price fall 3% despite Q2 results beating Street estimates; PSU stock outruns Nifty YTD [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of NPTC fell over 3 percent in early deals on October 25 even after state-run power generator reported a positive set of earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, beating Street estimates. NTPC's consolidated net profit rose 14 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 5,380 crore in Q2FY25. Its revenue from operations, however, declined marginally YoY to Rs 44,696 crore in the September quarter. The company’s board also approved interim dividend of Rs 2.5 per share. NTPC is India's largest integrated power utility, contributing 25 percent of the country's power requirement. The PSU generated 220 billion units (BU) in H1 FY25 as compared to 212 billion units in the same period last year. NTPC’s standalone gross generation in H1 FY25 was 186 billion units as compared to 179 billion units in the corresponding previous period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The gross electricity generation of NTPC decreased to 88.46 billion units (BU) during the second quarter from 90.30 BU a year ago. Its coal output from captive mines increased to 9.03 MMT in the quarter from 5.59 MMT in the year-ago period. The production also rose during April-September this fiscal to 18.67 MMT from 11.83 MMT. NTPC's Plant load factor (PLF) or capacity utilisation of coal-based thermal power plants fell to 72.28 percent in the quarter from 75.83 percent. Domestic coal supply improved to 54.75 MMT in the second quarter from 54.16 MMT. NTPC coal stations achieved a Plant Load Factor (PLF) of 76.31 percent as against the national average of 70.63 percent during H1 FY25. The total installed capacity of the NTPC group stood at 76,443 MW in Q2FY25 against 73,824 MW in the year-ago period. On a standalone basis, NTPC reported a total installed capacity of 59,168 MW, up from 57,838 MW in Q2FY25. At 9:26 am, NTPC shares were trading around 3 percent lower at Rs 399 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 29 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has rallied 72 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 25, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The country got an average rainfall of 18.4 mm in the week ended Wednesday, 23% above the normal rainfall of 15.0 mm for the period, the India Meteorological Department said. Two out of four homogeneous regions in the country received above-normal showers during the week, the weather bureau said. Central India received 97% above-normal showers during the week at 18.6 mm. Subdivisions such as west Madhya Pradesh, the Gujarat region, Saurashtra and Kutch, Konkan and Goa, central Maharashtra, Marathwada, and Vidarbha recorded large excess rainfall due to heavy rains in these regions. The South peninsula recorded 51.7 mm rain, 56% higher than the normal rainfall for the period, the data showed. Rainfall in northwest India recorded a 79% deficit during the week at 1.0 mm. Similarly, east and northeast India received 54% below-normal rainfall at 10.7 mm during the week, the agency said. Of the 36 subdivisions in the country, rainfall was &quot;normal&quot; in five and &quot;excess&quot; in one during the week. Rainfall was &quot;large excess&quot; in 12 subdivisions, while it was &quot;deficient&quot; in eight. The rainfall was &quot;large deficient&quot; in nine subdivisions. One subdivision received no rain during the week. Since Oct. 1, India has received 65.2 mm of rainfall, 3% above the normal level of 63.2 mm for the period. The Cotton Association of India has estimated the country's cotton production in 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) at 30.2 million bales (1 bale = 170 kg), down 7.1% on year. The committee, however, said there could be a variation of 5% in the cotton pressings and balance sheet numbers on account of an unpredictable monsoon pattern and other factors influencing the crop, according to the release. Cotton production in the north zone, which comprises Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan, is pegged at 3.6 million bales in the 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) season. Output in the central zone, which includes Gujarat, Maharashtra, and Madhya Pradesh, is seen at 18.9 million bales in 2024-25 against 20.0 million bales the previous year, according to the Cotton Association of India. Production in the south zone comprising Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu is seen at 7.2 million bales against 7.4 million bales during the previous season, and other states will account for the rest of the output. The association has estimated domestic demand in 2024-25 at 31.3 million bales, the same as the previous year. It has pegged exports at 1.8 million bales, against the previous estimate of 2.85 million bales. The cotton body sees 2024-25 closing stock at 2.64 million bales against 3.02 million bales a year ago.The opening stock for the season starting October is estimated at 3.02 million bales against 2.89 million bales a year ago, the association said. The total supply of cotton till the end of the cotton season 2024-25 is estimated at 35.7 mln bales, against 37.2 million bales in the previous season. The association has estimated imports in 2024-25 at 2.5 million bales, up from 1.75 million bales from its previous estimate. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages cheer for ITC stock after Q2 earnings smoke expectations amid challenging market [/INST] The full article is as follows: Brokerages ignited enthusiasm for ITC stock after the company delivered a standout earnings report for the quarter ended September 2024. With impressive performance in key segments, especially in cigarette volumes and a thriving hotel business, ITC captured the attention of market analysts. The latest results not only exceeded expectations but also highlighted the company's resilience in navigating challenges such as weak home consumption and inflationary pressures. Nomura has put a 'buy' call on ITC with a target price of Rs 555 per share. The brokerage noted a good sales performance in the second quarter, although margins were pressured across various segments. ITC Ltd reported a standalone net profit of Rs 5,078.3 crore for Q2 FY25, reflecting a 3.1% year-on-year increase. Total revenue for the July-September quarter reached Rs 19,327.8 crore, up 16.8% year on year. Specifically, cigarette volume grew by 3% on-year (YoY), surpassing the estimated growth of 2.5%, but margins contracted by 145 basis points. The FMCG segment also reported a growth of 5.4%, which was in line with expectations, though it faced a margin contraction of 37 basis points. The hotel business demonstrated strong performance, while paper sales showed improvement; however, operating profit margins were further affected. The agricultural segment provided a pleasant surprise. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Morgan Stanley has rated ITC as 'Overweight', setting a target price of Rs 554 per share. Key positives in the second quarter were driven by net cigarette revenues and robust momentum in the hotel business, alongside a rebound in the agricultural sector. However, the brokerage highlighted several key negatives, including weak home consumption, inflation in food inputs, and rising tobacco leaf costs. Additionally, overall weakness was observed in the paper segment, indicating challenges that the company needs to address moving forward. ITC's Q2FY25 was characterised by subdued demand, localised heavy rainfall, high food inflation and increases in certain input costs. According to the company, despite global economic challenges, India's economy remains robust due to the government's strategic policy interventions and focus on infrastructure development. Factors such as a good crop harvest, anticipated inflation moderation, improved agricultural terms of trade, and government investment in public infrastructure and rural development are expected to boost consumption demand, the management said. Goldman Sachs reiterated its 'Buy' rating on ITC, raising the target price from Rs 515 to Rs 525, reflecting confidence in the company's performance despite a challenging consumption environment. Nuvama highlighted that ITC has sustained its market leadership in the cigarette space and delivered decent performance (both top-line and profitability) amid a heavy taxation burden. &quot;The eChoupal network established by ITC gives it a phenomenal sourcing edge, which has helped it transform into a consumer giant, especially in the foods business. ITC’s FMCG business has shown good operating profitability in FY19 onwards,&quot; the brokerage said. Also Read | ITC Q2FY25 results: Net profit jumps 3.1% to Rs 5078.3 crore, revenue rises 16% Analysts at Nuvama expect that trend to improve, going ahead. Paper business helps address the packaging needs of FMCG business with consistent quality and comparatively lower costs. Meanwhile, Agri business has seen robust performance aided by tobacco leaf and traded commodities exports; provides strategic sourcing support to the company’s cigarette and branded packaged foods businesses by ensuring high quality supplies. &quot;We expect ITC’s cigarette EBIT growth to remain resilient and FMCG’s profitability surge to sustain,&quot; said Nuvama as it reaffirmed a 'buy' rating on the stock and raised the target price to Rs 585 from Rs 580 earlier. In the previous session, ITC shares closed 2 percent lower at Rs 470.70 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around half a percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 9 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Insolation Energy wins Rs 208-crore order; share price trade lower [/INST] The full article is as follows: Insolation Energy shares price was trading lower in the early on October 25 after the company's wholly owned subsidiary Insolation Green Energy has awarded purchase order for the supply of Solar PV Modules at NTPC Khavada Gujarat Site. At 09:24am, Insolation Energy was quoting at Rs 3,483.00, down Rs 63.50, or 1.79 percent, on the BSE. Zetwerk Manufacturing Business has awarded a contract worth Rs 208.31 crore for supply 550 Wp SPV Modules to be executed in financial year 2024-25. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company board at its meeting held on October 15, had approved the issuance of upto 12,23,500 equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each of the company at an issue price of Rs 3287 per equity shares inclusive of a premium of Rs 3277 in one or more tranches for an aggregate consideration of upto Rs 402,16,44,500 on preferential basis to non-promotor entities. The board also approved the convening of an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of the company on November 13, 2024, to approve the above matter. On October 17, the company has informed that they will add another 3GW of solar module capacity (4GW total) and 12000MT of Aluminium frame manufacturing capacity before the end of FY25. The company will also establish 1.5GW of cell manufacturing by the end of the next financial year - the necessary technology tie ups for which, have been done, it added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open flat on October 25, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,460.5 , a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Sensex and Nifty remained muted throughout the session to end flat on October 24. While FMCG and IT stocks dragged down Nifty, financials names provided some support. At close, the Sensex was down 16.82 points or 0.02 percent at 80,065.16, and the Nifty was down 36.10 points or 0.15 percent at 24,399.40. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading flat, indicating a muted opening for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,460.5 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed on Friday, with investors awaiting Japan’s general election over the weekend. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix -0.91 -6.28 3.63 Nikkei -0.74 -5.29 6.13 Hang Seng 0.47 -2.22 22.62 Taiwan 0.63 4.03 25.44 Kospi 0.51 -4.43 -7.67 US Equities (Mixed) Global shares edged higher in choppy trading on Thursday, snapping three straight sessions of losses, while U.S. Treasury yields and strong corporate results allayed worries over upcoming U.S. elections and interest rate cuts. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.33% to 42,374.36, the S&amp;amp;P 500 rose 0.21% to 5,809.86 and the Nasdaq Composite advanced 0.76% to 18,415.49. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones - 0.33 0.43 13.60 S&amp;amp;P500 0.21 1.15 23.07 Nasdaq 0.76 1.58 23.96 US Bond Yield (Down) US 10-Year Treasury was down 47 bps at 4.19 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury shed 42 bps at 4.06 percent in the early trade on Friday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.19 3.78 4.95 US 2-Year Treasury 4.06 3.55 5.12 Dollar Index (Flat) the dollar retreated from its recent highs as it tracked U.S. Treasury yields lower, though it remained on course for yet another weekly gain. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.09 100.91 106.52 Asian currencies (Up) Asian currencies were mostly trading mostly higher in the early trade on Friday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.276 -2.54 3.66 South Korean Won 0.027 -3.14 -0.420 Japanese Yen -0.046 -4.71 2.46 Philippines Peso 0.246 -3.35 -0.64 Thai Baht 0.047 -2.60 10.02 Taiwan Dollar 0.075 -0.643 1.65 China Renminbi 0.176 -1.20 1.80 Malaysian Ringgit -0.037 -5.06 9.79 Singapore Dollar -0.045 -2.18 3.05 Crude (Up) Oil gained after a two-day fall, with traders keeping their focus on geopolitical developments in the Middle East and the supply outlook. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.47 3.51 -1.52 Brent Crude 0.43 4.17 -2.90 Gold (Flat) Gold headed for a third weekly gain, buoyed by haven demand on the looming US election and hostilities in the Middle East. The precious metal was steady on Friday, and is up around 0.5% this week. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold -0.06 3.77 32.56 Silver 0.25 8.33 41.90 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities were trading mixed in the early trade on Friday with Aluminium shed more than 0.5 percent, while Lead rose 0.5 percent and Zinc added 1 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -0.73 1.47 11.16 Copper -0.15 -3.28 11.08 Nickel -0.08 -6.96 -1.86 Lead 0.56 -1.03 0.29 Zinc 0.97 2.76 19.43 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) continued their selling on October 24 as they sold equities worth Rs 5,062crore, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 3620 crore on the same day. 24th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -5,062.45 -81,782.10 -2,24,318.29 DII Net Flows 3,620.47 1,24,811.77 4,30,395.48 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: ITC, IndusInd Bank, NTPC, Oracle Financial, Shriram Properties, IXIGO, Dixon Tech, Cyient in focus on Friday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Coal India, JSW Steel, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Bank of Baroda, Bandhan Bank, Bharat Electronics, InterGlobe Aviation, Aegis Logistics, Balkrishna Industries, Cholamandalam Investment, DLF, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, IDBI Bank, Inox Wind, Jammu &amp;amp; Kashmir Bank, Krsnaa Diagnostics, Macrotech Developers, NLC India, Nuvama Wealth Management, Poonawalla Fincorp, Praj Industries, Shriram Finance, Texmaco Rail &amp;amp; Engineering, Torrent Pharmaceuticals, and UTI Asset Management Company will release quarterly earnings scorecard on October 25. Results on October 26 ICICI Bank, IDFC First Bank, Yes Bank, Godawari Power &amp;amp; Ispat, JK Cement, Meghmani Organics, REC, SBFC Finance, Titagarh Rail Systems, and Voltamp Transformers will announce their earnings for July-September quarter on October 26. Quarterly Earnings ITC Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 3.07% to Rs 5,078.3 crore Vs Rs 4,927 crore Revenue jumps 16.8% to Rs 19,327.7 crore Vs Rs 16,550 crore EBITDA increases 4.9% to Rs 6,335.2 crore Vs Rs 6,041.6 crore Margin declines 370 bps to 32.8% Vs 36.5% IndusInd Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit drops 39.2% to Rs 1,325.5 crore Vs Rs 2,181.5 crore Net interest income grows 5.3% to Rs 5,347.3 crore Vs Rs 5,076.7 crore Provisions and contingencies jumps 87% to Rs 1,820.1 crore Vs Rs 973.8 crore Provisions and contingencies spikes 73.4% to Rs 1,820.1 crore Vs Rs 1,049.8 crore (QoQ) Gross NPA rises to 2.11% Vs 2.02% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 0.64% Vs 0.60% (QoQ) Godrej Consumer Products Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 13.5% to Rs 491.3 crore Vs Rs 432.8 crore Revenue increases 1.8% to Rs 3,666.3 crore Vs Rs 3,602 crore EBITDA rises 7.9% to Rs 759.6 crore Vs Rs 704.2 crore Margin expands 120 bps to 20.7% Vs 19.5% Company announces interim dividend of Rs 5 per share Indian Energy Exchange Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 28% to Rs 106.1 crore Vs Rs 82.9 crore Revenue grows 28.3% to Rs 139.2 crore Vs Rs 108.5 crore EBITDA surges 30.5% to Rs 120.3 crore Vs Rs 92.2 crore Margin increases 140 bps to 86.4% Vs 85% Cyient Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit zooms 26.4% to Rs 186.6 crore Vs Rs 147.6 crore Revenue grows 10.3% to Rs 1,849.1 crore Vs Rs 1,675.7 crore EBIT jumps 15.8% to Rs 230.7 crore Vs Rs 199.2 crore Margin expands 60 bps to 12.5% Vs 11.9% Company declares interim dividend of Rs 12 per share for FY25 Cyient acquires Abu Dhabi &amp;amp; Gulf Computer Est, and 27.3% stake in Azimuth AI, a fabless custom ASIC company NTPC Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 19.66% to Rs 4,649 crore Vs Rs 3,885 crore Revenue declines 1.3% to Rs 40,327.6 crore Vs Rs 40,875.3 crore EBITDA falls 8.2% to Rs 9,676.3 crore Vs Rs 10,537.5 cror Margin drops 180 bps to 24% Vs 25.8% United Breweries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 23.5% to Rs 132.33 crore Vs Rs 107.2 crore Revenue increases 12% to Rs 2,116.72 crore Vs Rs 1,890 crore JSW Energy Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 2.3% to Rs 876.8 crore Vs Rs 856.8 crore Revenue declines 0.7% to Rs 3,237.7 crore Vs Rs 3,259.4 crore PNB Housing Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 22.6% to Rs 470 crore Vs Rs 383 crore Net interest income rises 1.2% to Rs 669 crore Vs Rs 661 crore Mahanagar Gas Q2 (Standalone QoQ) Profit slips 0.6% to Rs 282.8 crore Vs Rs 284.5 crore Revenue increases 7.7% to Rs 1,711.6 crore Vs Rs 1,589.6 crore Dixon Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 263.2% to Rs 411.7 crore Vs Rs 113.4 crore Revenue spikes 133.3% to Rs 11,534 crore Vs Rs 4,943.2 crore Exceptional gain at Rs 209.6 crore Vs Nil Chalet Hotels Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 138.5 crore Vs profit at Rs 36.4 crore Revenue grows 20% to Rs 377 crore Vs Rs 314.5 crore Tax expenses at Rs 217.93 crore Vs Rs 8 crore CIE Automotive India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 4.3% to Rs 194.7 crore Vs Rs 186.7 crore Revenue falls 6.4% to Rs 2,134.6 crore Vs Rs 2,279.4 crore Petronet LNG Q2 (Standalone QoQ) Profit plunges 26% to Rs 847.6 crore Vs Rs 1,141.6 crore Revenue declines 3% to Rs 13,021.8 crore Vs Rs 13,415.1 crore Nippon Life India Asset Management Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 47.3% to Rs 360.1 crore Vs Rs 244.4 crore Revenue spikes 43.7% to Rs 571.3 crore Vs Rs 397.5 crore Le Travenues Technology (IXIGO) Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit tanks 51% to Rs 13.1 crore Vs Rs 26.7 crore Revenue grows 26% to Rs 206.5 crore Vs Rs 163.9 crore Tax expenses at Rs 5.26 crore Vs tax writeback of Rs 0.43 crore Exceptional gain at Rs 0.83 crore Vs 29.7 crore DCB Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 22% to Rs 155 crore Vs Rs 127 crore Net interest income rises 7% to Rs 509 crore Vs Rs 476 crore Gross NPA falls to 3.29% Vs 3.33% (QoQ) Net NPA drops to 1.17% Vs 1.18% (QoQ) Patanjali Foods Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 21.4% to Rs 309 crore Vs Rs 254.5 crore Revenue grows 4.25 to Rs 8,154.2 crore Vs Rs 7,821.9 crore Oracle Financial Services Software Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 38.4% to Rs 577.7 crore Vs Rs 417.4 crore Revenue soars 15.9% to Rs 1,673.9 crore Vs Rs 1,444.5 crore Stocks To Watch Axis Bank The Reserve Bank of India has given its approval for the re-appointment of Amitabh Chaudhry as the Managing Director &amp;amp; CEO of Axis Bank for a further three years, effective January 1, 2025. Ujjivan Small Finance Bank The Board has appointed S. Balakrishna Kamath as the Chief inancial Officer of the bank. Kamath will take charge on or before January 3, 2025. Jubilant Pharmova Jubilant Pharma's subsidiary, Jubilant Pharma Holdings Inc., USA, has voluntarily prepaid a $25 million term loan, equivalent to Rs 210 crore, from its internal accruals on October 23. Jubilant Pharma is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jubilant Pharmova. Kansai Nerolac Paints The company has entered into definitive agreements for the conveyance or assignment of lease with Aethon Developers (a subsidiary of Runwal Developers) for the sale of its land parcel at Lower Parel, Mumbai, together with the building thereon, for Rs 726 crore. Shriram Properties Enforcement Directorate officials conducted search activities at the company's office premises in Bengaluru and Chennai. The search process has been completed without any material developments. The company has provided necessary clarifications or details sought by the officials to their satisfaction by extending full cooperation. Bulk Deals Freshara Agro Exports Tropical Agro System India acquired a 0.84 percent stake, and HDFC Bank bought a 1.27 percent stake in Freshara Agro at an average price of Rs 135 per share. Rane Engine Valves Unique Asset Management LLP sold a 0.7 percent stake in the company at an average price of Rs 490.02 per share. Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing Singularity Equity Fund I bought a 1.24 percent stake in the company at an average price of Rs 630.25 per share. However, HI-Tech Housing Projects sold a 0.98 percent stake at the same price. Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend LTIMindtree, L&amp;amp;T Technology Services, Allcargo Logistics, Dalmia Bharat, DB Corp Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Rights Hindware Home Innovation, PMC Fincorp Stock Trades Ex-Date for Buyback Matrimony.com Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Ex-Split Mayukh Dealtrade, POCL Enterprises, Sukhjit Starch &amp;amp; Chemicals F&amp;amp;O Ban Escorts Kubota, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, NMDC, Piramal Enterprises, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Paytm, LTIMindtree, Bank of Baroda, Radico Khaitan, Syngene, ICICI Prudential and others on Friday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices closed a rangebound session on a negative note, continuing the downtrend for the fourth straight day, with an overall weak market breadth. About 1,607 shares declined, while 892 shares advanced on the NSE. The market is expected to remain consolidative with a negative bias. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Amol Athawale, VP-technical Research at Kotak Securities Union Bank of India | CMP: Rs 110.3 On a daily time frame, Union Bank of India has been in a downtrend. It is currently in oversold territory and is available near its demand area. The texture of the chart formation and the technical indicator RSI (Relative Strength Index) indicate that the stock is likely to rebound for a new leg of upward movement from its demand zone. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 120 Stop-Loss: Rs 105 Mahindra and Mahindra | CMP: Rs 2,826.4 After the recent selloff from higher levels, the downward momentum in M&amp;amp;M has stopped. On the weekly charts, M&amp;amp;M has found support and reversed its trend from an important retracement zone. The chart formation and technical indicator RSI suggest further bullish movement from current levels in the coming horizon. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,030 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,730 LTIMindtree | CMP: Rs 5,970.4 Following a sharp uptrend rally, LTIMindtree experienced some selling pressure, but its downward momentum has paused, and it has found support. On the monthly charts, the stock has formed a Cup and Handle pattern, and a fresh breakout from the resistance zone is likely to occur in the coming trading sessions. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,360 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,730 Mandar Bhojane, Equity Research Analyst at Choice Broking Syngene International | CMP: Rs 880 Syngene International has recently broken out of a falling trendline on the daily chart, supported by a significant uptick in trading volume, signaling a potential bullish trend. If the stock sustains above the Rs 880 level, it could target short-term levels of Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,050. On the downside, immediate support is found at Rs 850, offering buying opportunities on dips. The RSI is currently at 51.7 and moving upward, reflecting increasing buying momentum. For prudent risk management, a stop-loss at Rs 830 is recommended to protect against unexpected reversals. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,000, Rs 1,050 Stop-Loss: Rs 830 CRISIL | CMP: Rs 5,084 CRISIL has formed a rounding bottom pattern on the daily chart, accompanied by a significant increase in trading volume, suggesting strong bullish momentum. A close above the Rs 5,100 level could pave the way for short-term targets of Rs 6,100 and Rs 6,400. On the downside, immediate support lies at Rs 4,800, offering potential buying opportunities on dips. The RSI currently stands at 68.2 and is trending upward, reflecting growing buying momentum. To mitigate risk, a stop-loss at Rs 4,650 is advised to safeguard against potential market reversals. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,100, Rs 6,400 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,650 Bank of Baroda | CMP: Rs 244.77 Bank of Baroda is on the verge of breaking out from a descending triangle pattern on the daily chart, backed by a notable rise in trading volume. This breakout signals a potential bullish reversal. If the stock manages to close above the Rs 250 level, it could aim for short-term targets of Rs 290 and Rs 300. On the downside, immediate support is seen at Rs 235, providing potential buying opportunities on dips. The RSI is at 51.18 and trending upward, indicating growing buying momentum. For effective risk management, a stop-loss at Rs 230 is recommended to guard against unforeseen market reversals. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 290, Rs 300 Stop-Loss: Rs 230 Virat Jagad, Technical Research Analyst at Bonanza One 97 Communications | CMP: Rs 764.5 One 97 Communications (Paytm) has recently broken out from a Flag and Pole pattern on the daily chart, a strong bullish indicator suggesting a potential for a sustained uptrend. The breakout is supported by a surge in trading volume, reflecting increased buying interest and reinforcing the stock's positive outlook. Additionally, the stock is trading above key EMAs (Exponential Moving Averages), aligning with the ongoing bullish trend. A positive MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) crossover further confirms this upward momentum. Overall, these technical signals point to a bullish scenario, with potential for further price appreciation in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 870 Stop-Loss: Rs 712 Hindustan Zinc | CMP: Rs 539.5 The daily chart of Hindustan Zinc shows a confirmed breakout from an ascending triangle pattern, a strong bullish signal. This breakout is supported by a significant rise in trading volume, indicating strong buying interest and positive market sentiment. The stock is trading near its recent highs, with both the Fast and Slow EMAs trending upward, reinforcing the bullish outlook. Additionally, the RSI has broken out in a bullish direction, highlighting the strength of the ongoing uptrend. These technical indicators collectively suggest a strong bullish outlook, with potential for continued price gains in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 590 Stop-Loss: Rs 515 Radico Khaitan | CMP: Rs 2,296 Radico Khaitan has recently broken out from a Cup and Handle pattern on the daily chart, signaling a potential uptrend. This bullish formation suggests the likelihood of further price appreciation. A significant surge in volume during the last session highlights increased buying interest, reinforcing the positive outlook. The stock is also trading above key EMAs, confirming sustained upward momentum. Additionally, the RSI has broken out in a bullish direction, underscoring the strength of the ongoing uptrend. Together, these technical signals suggest a strong bullish outlook for Radico Khaitan. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,550 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,160 Rohan Shah, Technical Analyst at Asit C Mehta Investment Interrmediates ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 768 ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has been in a strong uptrend for over a year, forming a series of higher highs and lows with supportive volumes. In this process, the stock recorded a breakout from its previous swing high, signaling inherent strength in the trend. However, after hitting a high of Rs 795, the stock retraced lower to test its previous swing high and the 20-week EMA. It rebounded strongly from this support zone, forming a bullish candlestick pattern. On the momentum front, the RSI is trading in the bullish zone, complementing the positive price bias. Strategy : Buy Target: Rs 830 Stop-Loss: Rs 745 HCL Technologies | CMP: Rs 1,845 The IT sector has shown higher relative strength compared to other sectors and the benchmark index. Within this space, HCL Technologies offers a fresh buying opportunity with a favourable risk-reward profile. The stock has been gradually inching higher after breaking out from a Cup and Handle pattern. The price increase is accompanied by supportive volumes and momentum, indicating inherent strength. The gradual upmove has led to a breakout above the 127.2 percent external retracement ratio of its prior decline from Rs 1,697 to Rs 1,235. Based on the price action and relative strength, we expect the stock to head towards the 161.8 percent external retracement level, which aligns around Rs 1,985. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,765 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals | CMP: Rs 395.6 After a steady upmove over the last few months, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals is now showing signs of profit-taking as a bearish price pattern emerges. Technically, the stock has registered a breakdown from a Head and Shoulders pattern along with short-term moving averages, indicating weakness in the trend. Given this pattern, the stock has the potential to decline toward Rs 375-360 levels in the coming sessions. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 360 Stop-Loss: Rs 415. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk deals: HDFC Bank buys 4.6% stake in Freshara Agro Exports [/INST] The full article is as follows: Tropical Agro Systems India Pvt Limited bought 1.98 lakh shares in Freshara Agro Exports for an average price of Rs 135 per share. Additionally, HDFC Bank Ltd acquired 3 lakh shares of Freshara Agro Exports at the same price of Rs 135 per share. The stock provided a return of 16.12 percent in a period of one month. Realty stock Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing Ltd saw 84,500 of its shares being sold by HI-Tech Housing Projects Private Limited at an average price of Rs 630.25 per share. Meanwhile, Singularity Equity Fund I purchased 1,06,928 shares of Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing Ltd at the same price of Rs 630.25 per share. The shares of Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing also made a 52-week high of Rs 630.25 per share today. The stock has given a return of 29.07 percent in the previous one month. Auto components industry company Rane Engine Valve Limited shares witnessed selling by Unique Asset Management LLP of 51,113 shares at an average price of Rs 490.02 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2610: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on TVS Motor Company TVS Motor (TVSL) posted an in-line result, with margin at 11.7% (est. 11.1%) despite an adverse mix. On the back of better monsoons and higher reservoir levels, domestic 2W rural demand has been ahead of urban demand in 1HFY25, which is anticipated to sustain in FY25. However, the export outlook continues to be uncertain due to weak demand in Africa. Management expects the 2W industry to post 7-8% YoY growth in 3QFY25, which is lower than earlier envisaged. At ~48x/38x FY25E/FY26E EPS, we believe most of the positives are in the price. We maintain our FY25E/26E EPS estimates. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of ~INR2,610 (based on ~32x Sep’26E EPS and INR210/sh for the NBFC). Outlook Given these factors, we believe TVSL at 48x/38x FY25E/FY26E EPS appears fairly valued. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of ~INR2,610 (premised on ~32x Sep’26E EPS + INR210/share for NBFC). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral SRF; target of Rs 2080: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on SRF SRF posted weak performance in 2QFY25, with a material decline in operating profitability (EBIT down 22% YoY), due to the continuous weakness in the Chemicals business (EBIT dipped 29% YoY). The Technical Textiles business also witnessed subdued performance (EBIT down 5% YoY), which was offset by a relatively healthier performance in the Packaging Film business (EBIT grew 7% YoY). The overall macro scenario remains uncertain for the Chemicals business (74% EBIT mix in FY24); however, the management is expecting some recovery in 3Q which is likely to further accelerate in 4QFY25, led by a healthy order book in specialty chemicals and ramp-up of export/domestic volumes in the Fluorochemicals business. Factoring in the weak macro scenario and uncertain near-term outlook in the Chemicals business, we cut our FY25/FY26 EBITDA estimates by 13%/7%. We value the stock on an SoTP basis to arrive at our TP of INR2,080. Reiterate Neutral. Outlook Factoring in the weak macro scenario and uncertain near-term outlook in the chemicals business, we cut our FY25/FY26 EBITDA estimates by 13%/7%. We value the stock on an SoTP-basis to arrive at our TP of INR2,080. Reiterate Neutral. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral SONA BLW Precision Forging; target of Rs 685: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on SONA BLW Precision Forging SONA BLW’s (SONACOMS) 2QFY25 performance exceeded our estimates with revenue of INR9.3b (est. INR8.8b), driven by order book execution and BEV growth. Higher other income also led to adj. PAT beat. We commend the company’s ability to consistently deliver healthy performance despite weakness in its key regions. It has agreed to acquire Escorts Kubota’s railway equipment division for INR16b (estimated valuation at 8.2x trailing 12M EV/EBITDA). The management has indicated that the acquisition will be EPS-accretive from the first year. While they seem to have acquired a good business at attractive valuations, we fail to understand the synergy benefits of the same with the core. We have not yet included this acquisition in our estimates as we wait for further clarity on financials and the deal closure. Outlook Despite the volatile geopolitical scenario impacting different key geographies globally, SONACOMS reported PAT growth of 20% YoY in 2QFY25, driven by healthy order execution and its focus on the growing EV segment. However, valuations at ~60x/48x FY25E/FY26E consol. EPS largely factor in these positives. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR685 (based on ~46x Sep’26E consol. EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Shoppers Stop; target of Rs 750: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Shoppers Stop Shoppers Stop (SHOP) reported an 8% YoY decline in EBITDA (12% miss) due to weak SSSG and GM contraction. Revenue was up 4% YoY as store additions and the robust 11% YoY growth in the Beauty segment was offset by an overall SSSG decline and a 15% YoY decline in private brands revenue. The management indicated that LFL growth recovered in Sep (+9% YoY) and remains optimistic on demand recovery in 2HFY25 on account of the higher number of weddings and recovery in discretionary spends. SHOP has aggressive store expansion plans for Intune (value fashion) and is focused on growing its Beauty business. We expect a CAGR of 11%/14% in SHOP’s revenue/EBITDA over FY24-27. We lower our FY25-26 revenue by 2%/7% and EBITDA by 5%/11% on weaker performance in 1HFY25. We value SHOP at 12x Dec’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our TP of INR750. Reiterate Neutral. Outlook We value SHOP at 12x Dec’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our TP of INR750. Reiterate Neutral. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Piramal Enterprises; target of Rs 1015: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Piramal Enterprises Piramal Enterprises (PIEL) reported a 2QFY25 net profit of ~INR1.6b (PQ: ~INR1.8b). This included an exceptional gain of ~INR770m from recoveries in the AIF portfolio. NII rose ~17% YoY and 9% QoQ to ~INR8.8b. PPOP at ~INR4b grew ~58% YoY. In 1HFY25, PAT declined 38% YoY to INR3.4b. Total AUM grew 12% YoY and 6% QoQ. Wholesale 2.0 AUM grew 12% QoQ to INR78.9b while Wholesale 1.0 AUM declined ~49% YoY/7% QoQ to INR121b. Retail AUM grew ~42% YoY to INR547b, with its share in the loan book increasing to ~73% (PQ: 72%). Outlook We expect PIEL to deliver ~1.3% RoA and ~5% RoE in FY26E. We value the lending business at 0.6x Sep’26E P/BV and reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock with a revised TP of INR1,015 (premised on Sep’26E SOTP). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Navin Fluorine International; target of Rs 3240: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Navin Fluorine International Navin Fluorine International (NFIL)’s EBITDA/ PAT in 2QFY25 came in at 6%/12% higher than our estimates due to the strong YoY performance in HPP and CDMO segments. Gross margin stood at 56.8%, while EBITDA margin contracted 10bp YoY to 20.7%. Earnings declined 3% YoY to INR588m in 2QFY25. The HPP business grew 22% YoY, led by the HFO and R32 plants running at optimum levels, an increase in R32 sales, and an improved realization of R22 gas. Capex of the new R32 plant and AHF capacity is on track and scheduled to be commissioned in line with the earlier guided timelines. Offtake from the new R32 capacity is definitive, according to the management. Outlook We expect a revenue/EBITDA/adj. PAT CAGR of 21%/28%/31% over FY24-27. The stock is trading at ~40x FY26E EPS of INR82.1 and ~26x FY26E EV/EBITDA. We value the company at 35x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at our TP of INR3,240. We maintain our Neutral rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral MAX Financial Services; target of Rs 1300: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on MAX Financial Services MAX Financial Services (MAXLIFE) reported a steady performance in 2QFY25. New business APE grew 31.3% YoY to INR21.7b (in-line), while for 1HFY25, it grew 31% YoY to INR36.2b. MAX reported a VNB growth of 23.1% YoY to INR5.1b (in-line) and for 1HFY25, it grew 16% YoY to INR7.7b, due to strong growth in rider attachment. VNB margins expanded sequentially to 23.6% in 2QFY25 from 17.5% in 1QFY25 (~600bp jump) due to operating leverage and strong growth in volumes and rider attachment. The management guides to maintain a double-digit VNB growth and margin in the range of 23-24% for FY25. Outlook we have cut our VNB margin assumptions given the adverse product mix trends (higher share of ULIPs). Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR 1,300, premised on 2.3x Sept’26E EV and a holding company discount of 20%. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Indus Towers; target of Rs 385: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Indus Towers Indus’ 2QFY25 reported financials came in ahead of our estimate owing to a higher-than-estimated reversal of prior period bad debt provisions (INR10.8b vs. our estimate of INR5b). However, its core operational performance was slightly below with Indus’ recurring EBITDA at INR37.9b (+1% QoQ, +7% YoY), coming in ~2% below our estimate on lower tower net additions and weaker energy spreads. Tower additions further moderated QoQ to 3.7k (vs. our est. 5.5k) on adverse weather events, which also led to moderation in capex (-19% QoQ). With moderation in capex and collection of prior dues, Indus’ 1H FCF was robust at ~INR33b (of which INR27.5b was used for recent buyback). Outlook We value Indus on a DCF-based TP of INR385 (implies 7.5x FY27E EBITDA). We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 960: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Can Fin Homes Can Fin Homes (CANF)’s 2QFY25 PAT grew ~34% YoY to ~INR2.1b (in line). Base quarter had one-off credit costs because of the Ambala incident. NII grew 7% YoY to ~INR3.4b (in line), and other income stood at ~INR74m (PQ: INR70m). PAT grew ~20% YoY in 1HFY25, and we expect PAT to grow ~11% YoY in 2HFY25. Opex was up ~13% YoY to INR594m. The cost-income ratio stood at ~17%. (PQ: 15%, PY: 16%). 2QFY25 RoA/RoE stood at ~2.3%/~18%.Management guided a loan growth of ~13-14% in FY25 and 15-17% in FY26 and it is confident of achieving disbursements of ~INR100b in FY25. CANF is targeting ~15 new branches this year, which will be in northern and western India. It will be looking to deepen its presence in Tier 2 towns. Outlook CANF has successfully demonstrated its ability to maintain its pristine asset quality for several years, and we expect the same to continue. However, CANF will have to accelerate its disbursements over the next few quarters to deliver on its guided loan growth. We estimate a CAGR of 12%/12%/14% in NII/PPOP/ PAT over FY24-27, with an RoA of 2.1% and RoE of ~17% in FY27. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR960 (premised on 2.0x Sep’26E P/BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 7320: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Bajaj Finance Bajaj Finance (BAF)’s reported PAT in 2QFY25 grew 13% YoY to ~INR40.1b (in line). NII grew 23% YoY to ~INR88.4b (in line). Non-interest income stood at ~INR21.1b (+3% QoQ). Fee income was lower QoQ due to the transfer of the collections activity to RBL Bank (in its co-branded credit cards). 1HFY25 PAT grew 13% YoY to ~INR79.3b and we estimate 2HFY25 PAT to grew 15% YoY. BAF’s 2QFY25 NIM contracted ~5bp QoQ to ~9.7%. The company expects that the ~25bp reduction in repo rates will lead to a ~10-12bp expansion in the NIM. However, the company plans to leverage the NIM expansion to support the growth of some of its newer lines of business launched over the past two years. We estimate NIM at 9.8%/9.9% in FY25/FY26. Outlook Despite a healthy PAT CAGR of ~24% over FY24-FY27E and RoA/RoE of 4.1%/21% in FY27E, we see limited upside catalysts. Consequently, we maintain our Neutral rating on the stock with a TP of INR7,320 (premised on 3.5x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SBI Life Insurance; target of Rs 2100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on SBI Life Insurance SBI Life Insurance (SBILIFE) reported a weak performance in 2QFY25. APE grew 3% YoY to INR53.9b (11% miss). For 1HFY25, it grew 9% YoY to INR90.3b. Absolute VNB declined 3% YoY to INR14.5b (14% miss). For 1HFY25, it grew 3% YoY to INR24.2b. The management expects VNB growth to remain in the range 12-15% in FY25. VNB margins came in at 26.9% vs. 28.5% in 2QFY24 and 26.8% in 1QFY25 (est. 28%). However, the management expects margins to remain in the range of 26-27% in FY25 on the back of new product launches in the protection segment and a minimal impact of surrender charges. In 2QFY25, shareholder PAT grew 39% YoY to INR5.3b (in line). For 1HFY25, it grew 38% YoY to INR10.5b. We expect SBILIFE to deliver an 18% CAGR each in APE and VNB over FY24-27E, while RoEV is likely to remain at ~20% over FY27. Due to strong growth in ULIPs and a blip in protection sales, we have cut our APE/VNB estimates for FY25. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR2,100 (premised on 2.3x Sept’26E EV). Outlook We expect SBILIFE to deliver an 18% CAGR each in APE/VNB over FY24-27E, while RoEV is projected to remain ~20% over FY27. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR2,100 (premised on 2.3x Sept’26E EV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Prudential Life Insurance; target of Rs 900: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance IPRU Life reported NBP of INR49.3b in 2QFY25, up 13.1% YoY. For 1HFY25, NBP grew 17.4% YoY to INR86.98b. New business APE grew 21.4% YoY to INR25b (in line) in 2Q. For 1HFY25, it rose to INR44.7b (+27% YoY). VNB grew 1.6% YoY to INR5.9b (9% miss). VNB margins declined 460bp YoY to 23.4% in 2QFY25 vs. our estimate of 25%. For 2Q, IPRU reported 3.1% YoY growth in shareholder PAT to INR2.5b (7% miss). For 1HFY25, it stood at INR4.8, up 6% YoY. Outlook We expect IPRU to deliver a 20% CAGR in VNB over FY24-27E. Going ahead, the company’s ability to sustain strong premium growth and VNB margins will be vital for re-rating of the stock. Retain BUY with a TP of INR900 (based on 2x Sept’26E EV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Hindustan Unilever; target of Rs 3200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Hindustan Unilever Hindustan Unilever’s (HUVR) 2QFY25 revenue was up 2% at INR157.3b (in line), with underlying growth of 3%. Volume growth of 3% was below our estimate of 5% (4% in 1QFY25). Demand trends remained stable, with moderate growth in urban areas and a stable recovery in rural regions. Home Care maintained high-single-digit volume growth and 8% revenue growth, led by both Fabric Wash and Household Care. Beauty &amp;amp; Wellbeing segment clocked mid-single digit volume growth, with underlying growth of 7% (reported 2%). Hair Care portfolio reported high single-digit volume growth and premium portfolio clocked strong double-digit growth. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR3,200, based on 60x Sep’26E EPS, close to last five-year average P/E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Godrej Properties; target of Rs 3725: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Godrej Properties Godrej Properties (GPL) achieved its best ever second-quarter bookings of INR52b, guided by strong demand momentum (up 3% YoY). New launches/existing projects accounted for 53%/47% of total sales. GPL launched INR61b worth of projects across 5.6msf of saleable area, of which 45% of inventory was sold during the quarter and contributed 53% to pre-sales value. Sales volume was flat at 5.2msf, while realizations moved up 5% YoY at INR10,093/sft due to a better product mix. MMR reported over 4.5x jump in sales and contributed 42% to total volumes, while NCR/Bangalore contributed 23%/14% respectively. Outlook We believe GPL will continue to surprise on growth, cash flows, and margins, given its strong pipeline and healthy realizations, which have been the key investor concerns. We maintain our BUY rating with an TP of INR3,725, implying 26% potential upside. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coforge; target of Rs 10000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Coforge COFORGE reported 2QFY25 organic revenue growth of 6.3% QoQ in USD terms, above our estimate of 4.3%. It reported an organic CC QoQ growth of 5.5% (consol. CC QoQ growth of 26.3%). Consol. revenue stood at USD369.4m (up 26.8% QoQ/32.8% YoY). Organic order intake of USD448m in 2Q with three large deals, resulting in a robust organic 12-month executable order book of USD1,105m (+18% YoY). Organic EBIT margin, adjusted for transaction-related costs of INR201m, came in at 12.2% (est. 12.5%). Organic adj. PAT stood at INR1.8b (+39.5% QoQ/2.7% YoY) due to lower SG&amp;amp;A costs and higher other income. The company’s revenue grew 10.4% in 1HFY25, while EBIT/PAT declined 0.7%/12.4% vs. 1HFY24 in organic terms. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow organically by 19.0%/20.6%/17.0% YoY in 2HFY25. We reiterate our BUY rating on COFORGE with a TP of INR10,000, implying a 32% potential upside. Outlook We value COFORGE organically at 40x Sep’26E EPS (vs. 38x earlier) and value the Cigniti business at 25x Sep’26E EPS. This SOTP-based approach yields a rounded TP of INR10,000 (INR8,700 for COFORGE and INR1,300 for Cigniti). We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR10,000, implying a 32% potential upside. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy AU Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 830: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on AU Small Finance Bank AU Small Finance Bank (AUBANK) reported a 2QFY25 PAT of INR5.71b (16% beat) fueled by healthy other income and controlled opex, which offset higher provisions. NII grew 2.8% QoQ to INR19.7b (in line). NIM improved 5bp QoQ to 6.1%. PPoP stood at INR11.3b (13% beat) as opex came in 6% lower than our estimate and other income stood at INR6.4b (5% beat). C/I ratio thus declined sharply to 56.7% vs. 60.8% in 1QFY25. Business growth was healthy, with advances growing at 5.8% QoQ to INR948.4b while deposits grew at a robust 12.7% QoQ to INR1.09t. As a result, the overall CD ratio eased sharply to 86.5% (92.1% in 1QFY25). Outlook We tweak our estimates and estimate the bank to deliver an RoA/RoE of 1.7%/16.2% by FY26. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR830 (based on 3.2x FY26E BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Amber Enterprises; target of Rs 7350: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Amber Enterprises Amber Enterprises (Amber) reported better-than-expected results driven by strong performance of the consumer durables and electronics segments. The company’s revenue/EBITDA jumped 82%/91% YoY for 2QFY25. Strong growth in the overall AC industry, addition of new clients, and strategic focus to grow the electronics segment aided performance during the quarter. We expect Amber to benefit from faster growth in the electronics segment driven by new client additions, JV with Korea Circuit, as well as its capacity expansion across Ascent Circuit. We raise our earnings estimates by 14%/19%/22% for FY25/FY26/FY27. We also increase our TP to INR7,350 due to earning revision as well as higher valuations led by faster growth expected in electronics and the possibility of this division widening focus towards a bigger EMS market. Reiterate BUY. Outlook The stock currently trades at 56.7x/37.2x P/E on FY26/27E earnings. We raise our estimates and reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a DCF-based TP of INR7,350, implying 46x P/E on a two-year forward EPS (Dec’26). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: ICICI Bank Q2 preview: Strong deposit, loan growth to drive NII, profit; margin may see minor dip [/INST] The full article is as follows: India's second-largest private lender ICICI Bank is expected to clock decent July-September quarter (Q2FY25) results, backed by healthy loan and deposit growth. No major stress is likely to be seen in asset quality and margin contraction is expected to be limited, said analysts. The lender will release its Q2 scorecard on October 26. According to Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerage estimates, ICICI Bank's net interest income (NII) is pegged to grow 14 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 20,845 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 18,308 crore in Q2FY24. Profit, too, is estimated to rise by 7 percent YoY to Rs 10,667 crore in Q2FY25, as compared to Rs 10,261 crore in the year-ago period. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy loan, deposit growth: Analysts on a consensus estimate ICICI Bank's deposit growth to remain in-line with credit growth. For instance, Motilal Oswal analysts modeled the lender's deposit to grow 14.6 percent YoY to Rs 14.8 lakh crore in Q2FY25. Similarly, loan is expected to increase by 14.6 percent YoY to Rs 12.7 lakh crore during the quarter under review. Limited margin moderation: Brokerages have pegged that the private lender's margins are likely to moderate annually slightly with a negative bias. However, it is expected to remain unchanged on a sequential basis. In Q2FY25, NIMs are expected at 4.4 percent from 4.5 percent in Q2FY24. Stable asset quality: ICICI Bank's gross non-performing asset (GNPA) is expected to reduce to 2.3 percent in Q2FY25 from 2.5 percent in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net NPA is likely to see a slight uptick to 0.5 percent in Q2FY25 from 0.4 percent in Q2FY24. What to look out for in the quarterly show? The management commentary on the sustainability of margins, recovery of assets, and comments on the growth of unsecured loan books will be keenly watched. Over the July-September period, shares of ICICI Bank have surged 6 percent, significantly beating benchmark Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank down 15% on higher provisions after one-time profit hit unsettles Street [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IndusInd Bank are sharply down by 15% on disappointing earnings, after the lender reported a 39 percent year-on-year (YoY) decline in net profit for the second quarter, surprising the market as higher provisions for bad loans, shrinking margins, and stress in the micro-finance (MFI) segment weighed on performance. This the worst fall in the share price of IndusInd Bank in nearly five months. Bloomberg News on October 25 has also reported a block trade in the lender where 2.38 million shares exchanged hands. During the earnings call, management acknowledged the mounting stress in MFI loans, particularly in tier-2 and tier-3 cities, but expressed cautious optimism about recovery in the quarters ahead. &quot;MFI stress has been emerging in certain regions, notably in Bihar, Maharashtra, Odisha, and other areas,&quot; said Sumant Kathpalia, Managing Director and CEO of IndusInd Bank. &quot;However, we expect a turnaround soon. Once disbursements resume and the funding process restarts, growth will pick up again.&quot; Micro-finance loans account for 9 percent of the bank's loan book, but asset quality within the segment deteriorated significantly. Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) in the MFI segment surged to 6.5 percent in Q2FY25, up from 5.16 percent in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, the bank’s overall gross NPA ratio rose to 2.76 percent from 2.49 percent in Q1FY25, indicating broad-based stress across its portfolio. ALSO READ: IndusInd Bank Q2 net profit falls 40% on-year to Rs 1,331 crore, hit by provisions, finance costs; misses expectations In response to the challenging environment, IndusInd Bank increased its contingent provisions by Rs 525 crore in Q2FY25 to buffer against potential risks. Contingent provisions allow banks to set aside funds to cover unforeseen bad loans, a strategy that became common during the COVID-19 pandemic. Out of this Rs 525 crore, Rs 250 crore was earmarked specifically for the MFI segment, providing the bank flexibility to manage future risks in the business. When asked about the sharp provisioning in a difficult quarter, Kathpalia clarified that it was a one-time measure aimed at securing long-term stability. &quot;The decision to increase provisions reflects our intent to fortify the balance sheet. Though this quarter’s performance was disappointing, this step ensures smoother profitability in the upcoming quarters,&quot; he said. &quot;We aim to deliver stronger results in Q3 and Q4, building on the steps we’ve taken now.&quot; While the bank faces persistent stress in the micro-finance segment, management remains hopeful that disbursements will normalise soon, driving recovery. However, challenges in asset quality and profitability could continue to pose risks in the near term.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 13000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on UltraTech Cement UltraTech Cement (UTCEM)’s 2QFY25 EBITDA was below our estimate due to higher-than-estimated opex/t. EBITDA declined ~21% YoY to INR20.2b (7% miss). EBITDA/t declined ~24% YoY to INR725 (est. INR775). OPM contracted 3.0pp YoY to ~13% (est. ~14%). Adj. PAT declined ~36% YoY to INR8.2b (est. INR9.3b). Management highlighted that the pre-election slowdown, followed by intense monsoon, led to demand weakness in 1HFY25. Pent-up demand and good monsoon should lead to demand recovery going forward. It expects double-digit volume growth in 2H and anticipates outperforming the industry’s volume growth. Further, cement prices were up ~2% vs. Aug’24- exit and have remained steady (MTD). It has added 9mtpa grinding capacity in 1HFY25 and will commission another ~8mtpa in 2H. Outlook We estimate a CAGR of 16%/18% in consolidated EBITDA/adjusted PAT over FY24-FY27. UTCEM is estimated to continue to gain market share with its robust capacity expansion (including inorganic growth). We value the stock at 20x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our TP of INR13,000 (earlier INR13,600). We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy MCX; target of Rs 7600: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on MCX MCX posted 73% YoY growth in operating revenue to INR2.9b (5% above our estimate) in 2QFY25. Operating revenue rose 67% YoY in 1HFY25. Revenue growth was driven by a surge in volumes, which jumped 114% YoY. Futures volumes grew 46% YoY to INR17.5t, while options volumes surged 129% YoY to INR126t during the quarter. EBIT stood at INR1.7b (vs. EBIT loss of INR353m in 2QFY24), which was 4% above our estimates. The company reported PAT of INR1.5b (vs. a loss of INR191m in 2QFY24), which grew 39% sequentially and was 7% higher than our estimate. For 1HFY25, MCX’s PAT was INR2.6b (vs. INR6m in 1HFY24). We raise our FY25/26 EPS estimates by 10%/11%, factoring in the surge in volumes witnessed in 1HFY25, offset by a rise in SGF contribution. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a one-year TP of INR7,600 (premised on 44x Sep’26E EPS). Outlook We raise our FY25/26 EPS estimate by 10%/11% factoring in the strong surge in volumes witnessed in 1HFY25. This will be offset by a slight increase in the expected SGF contribution. We reiterate our BUY rating with a one-year TP of INR7,600 (premised on 44x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy L&T Finance; target of Rs 200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on L&amp;amp;T Finance L&amp;amp;T Finance (LTF) reported 17% YoY growth in PAT to INR7b (in line) in 2QFY25. PPoP grew ~23% YoY to ~INR15.9b (in line). Credit costs stood at INR6.5b (vs. MOFSLe of INR6b), translating into annualized credit costs of ~2.6% (vs. 2.4% in 1QFY25 and 2.6% in 2QFY24). Write-offs stood at INR6.6b (INR4.8b in 1Q). Consol. RoA/RoE stood at 2.6%/11.7% in 2Q. Retail assets contributed ~96% to the loan mix (95% in 1Q). Retail loans grew ~28% YoY, led by healthy growth in 2W, home loans, LAP, and SME. LTF has started to regrow its personal loans book, up 8% QoQ. Given the sectoral stress, rural business loans (microfinance) grew 3% QoQ. Outlook We estimate a PAT CAGR of 26% over FY24-27, with consolidated RoA/RoE of 2.8%/~15% in FY27. Reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR200 (based on 1.6x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Indostar Capital Finance; target of Rs 315: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Indostar Capital Finance Indostar Capital Finance (Indostar) reported healthy business momentum in 2QFY25. Key highlights: 1) consolidated disbursements grew ~36% YoY to ~INR17.2b and retail AUM rose ~35% YoY to ~INR99b; 2) the company added 594 employees in 2QFY25, taking the total count to ~5,170; 3) the CV segment contributed ~87% to the retail disbursement mix; and 4) asset quality was broadly stable with standalone GS3 remaining steady at ~5% and standalone NNPA rising ~15bp QoQ to 2.5%. Outlook we expect credit costs to remain benign in the near future. The risk-reward is favorable at 1x FY26E P/BV. Reiterate BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR315 (premised on 1.2x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dalmia Bharat; target of Rs 2250: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Dalmia Bharat Dalmia Bharat (DALBHARA)’s 2QFY25 performance was weak as expected as its EBITDA declined 26% YoY to INR4.3b (5% miss) and EBITDA/t was down 32% YoY to INR650 (est. INR700). OPM contracted 4.7pp YoY to 14%. PAT declined 54% YoY to INR550m (est. INR571m). Higher volume growth (+8% YoY; +3% v/s estimates) and better cost controls were key positives; though; realization decline of 6% QoQ was weaker than our estimate of ~2% decline.Management believes that muted cement demand in 1HFY25 led to lower capacity utilization and weak pricing. Demand is expected to improve in 2H, led by a pick-up in constriction activities, private capex, and government-led infrastructure projects. It expects demand to grow at 8% YoY in 2HFY25 and 6% YoY in FY25 (previous estimate of ~8%). Better demand should lead to price improvements; though competitive intensity needs to be monitored. Outlook The stock has corrected ~25% since Dec’23, factoring in delayed capacity addition plans and weak operating performance due to sharp price corrections in its core markets. The company is among the least cost producer in the industry, backed by a higher blending ratio, green power share, and lower freight cost. The stock is currently trading at 10x/9x FY26E/FY27E EV/EBITDA. We value the stock at 12x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our revised TP of INR2,250 (earlier INR2,390). Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 870: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM (CYIENTDL) reported a strong quarter, with revenue growth of ~33% YoY in 2QFY25, led by significant traction in the defense (up 82% YoY) and aerospace (up 20% YoY) verticals. Margins were flat YoY at 8.1%. However, the order book continued its downward trend, with 13% YoY/ 7% QoQ decline in 2Q to INR19.8b. The management indicated the trend will change in 4Q, with a healthy order pipeline and the finalization of key deals. We believe the order book will witness an uptick in 4QFY25, factoring in the conversion of orders from new client additions happened over the last few quarters. Outlook We estimate CYIENTDL to report a CAGR of 38%/51%/64% in revenue/ EBITDA/ Adj. PAT over FY24-27E. We retain our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR870 (35x FY26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Oberoi Realty; target of Rs 2056: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Oberoi Realty Oberoi Realty’s (OBER) pre-sales grew 49% YoY to INR14.4b (80% above estimate) in 2QFY25, driven by strong bookings at ‘360-West’ project in Worli, which contributed INR6.6b to pre-sales across bookings of six units. Elysian Goregaon’s pre-sales jumped 147% YoY to INR3.2b after the successful launch of the third tower in 4QFY24. Sales traction was weak at Borivali (INR1.3b), while at Mulund (INR2.7b), it was higher by 25% YoY and doubled sequentially. Forestville Thane (launched in 3Q) clocked bookings of INR0.6b across 29 units. Outlook which already accounts for prospective business development in the near term. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR2,056, indicating a 3% upside potential. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 24 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty hovered around the flatline throughout the October 24 session. While FMCG and IT stocks dragged down Nifty, financials and construction stocks provided some support. CARE Ratings (Rs 1,407, +20%) | CARE Ratings stock hit 20 percent upper circuit on October 24 after the company reported 31 percent YoY growth in consolidated profit-after-tax in September quarter, while revenue from operations rose 22 percent YoY to Rs 117 crore. Tata Communications (Rs 1,790.65, +0.65%) | Tata Communications share price rallied after the company unveiled AI infra with NVIDIA-accelerated computing. As part of the initiative, Tata Communications will integrate cutting-edge NVIDIA software solutions into its AI Cloud offerings. Piramal Pharma (Rs 252.7, +16.1%) | Piramal Pharma shares climbed 18 percent a day after the drugmaker reported solid earnings for the July-September quarter, marked by a steep surge in its net profit. The drugmaker's net profit zoomed 3.5 times year-on-year to Rs 22.59 crore in the September quarter, up from Rs 5.02 crore in Q2 FY24. Sona BLW (Rs 728, +13.03%) | Sona BLW Precision stock rallied 13 percent after the company reported a robust set of numbers in the second quarter, and announced a signing pact with Escorts Kubota to acquire its railway equipment division. During the quarter, the auto components maker reported a 16 percent yon-year increase in profit after tax. Aster DM (Rs 441.95, +9.94%) | Shares of Aster DM Healthcare skyrocketed 14 percent after the company delivered a robust earnings performance for the July-September quarter. The hospital chain reported a net profit of Rs 97 crore in the September, a stark turnaround from a net loss of Rs 31 crore in the same period last fiscal. KPIT Technologies (Rs 1,417, -13.3%) | KPIT Tech shares dropped by as much as 15 percent after JPMorgan lowered its target price to Rs 1,900 per share. This comes after the company revised its FY25 constant currency revenue growth outlook to the lower end of its 18-22 percent guidance range, mainly due to delays in deal ramp-ups and closures. Dr Lal PathLabs (Rs 3,068, -5.77%) | The pharma player’s share price slipped over 6 percent amid profit booking after the diagnostics firm said its consolidated profit after tax increased 18 percent on-year to Rs 131 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2024. Hindustan Unilever (Rs 2,504.75, -5.81%) | Hindustan Unilever shares cracked 6 percent as falling consumption caused volume growth to slip under brokerages' estimates. HUL reported weaker-than-expected growth trends, with a lack of margin expansion and no clear drivers for an industry demand uptick, implying that volume growth will not exceed 4-5% in the near term, said brokerage Investec. SBI Life (Rs 1,635.9, -4.67%) | SBI Life shares dropped over 5 percent following a weaker-than-expected performance in the September quarter. The company’s results fell short of market expectations, with key metrics such as Annual Premium Equivalent (APE) and Value of New Business (VNB) coming in 11 percent and 14 percent below Street estimates, respectively. Hindalco (Rs 690.5, -3.71%) | Shares of Hindalco dropped nearly 7 percent following a sharp 28 percent decline in Constellium SE's stock after its quarterly results were reported under expectations. Constellium SE is a Paris-based global manufacturer, specialises in aluminium rolled products.Following its poor show, concerns have risen for Hindalco's arm Novelis, as Constellium SE—operating in the same segment—reports soft demand in the automotive sector, raising fears of similar challenges ahead for Novelis.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: CARE Ratings hit 20% upper circuit, scales to new 52-week high on healthy Q2 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of CARE Ratings soared 20 percent to hit the upper circuit and a 52-week high of Rs 1,409 on October 24, following the release of robust September quarter results. The company posted 31 percent year-on-year (YoY) growth in consolidated profit after tax (PAT) at Rs 46.88 crore, with revenue from operations rising 22 percent YoY to Rs 117.37 crore. Operationally, CARE Ratings delivered impressive numbers, with EBITDA climbing 33 percent YoY to Rs 55.72 crore and an EBITDA margin of 47 percent, reflecting efficient management and solid performance across its business segments. The company attributed its growth to both its core ratings business and newer non-rating verticals, showcasing a well-rounded expansion strategy. In its earnings call, the management emphasised momentum in initial ratings for capital market instruments, securitization, and bank debt, reflecting its focus on quality-led growth. Despite healthy 15 percent YoY growth in overall bank credit offtake as of August FY25, the company noted some slowdown in lending to NBFCs (down to 11.9 percent growth from 21.3 percent last year) and personal loans (16.9 percent versus 18.3 percent), driven by higher risk-weighting norms in these segments. ALSO READ: CARE Ratings pays Rs 13.05 lakh to settle allegations of violations of CRA Regulations Adding to investor optimism, CARE Ratings’ Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of Rs 7 per share for Q2FY25, further boosting market sentiment. The company also announced its ambitious global expansion plans, positioning itself as the first Indian rating agency to enter the sovereign and global scale ratings market. Through the launch of CareEdge Global IFSC Ltd, CARE will now provide ratings for 39 countries, expanding its footprint across key international markets. Its subsidiaries, CareEdge Africa and CareEdge Nepal, reported solid business growth, while CareEdge ESG issued its first rating to promote sustainability initiatives. Additionally, CareEdge Analytics and CareEdge Advisory reported improved performance, contributing to the company’s diversified growth strategy.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Fedbank Financial Services; target of Rs 130: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Fedbank Financial Services Q2FY25 for Fedbank Financial Services (Fedfina) has been eventful with: 1) a change in top management; 2) RBI circular dated 4 Oct’24 (link) stressing upon carryout lending activities of similar products (except housing finance) under one entity [product overlap (Gold loans &amp;amp; LAP) between Federal Bank and Fedfina]; and 3) its second consecutive quarter of elevated credit cost. While some of these are transient, they do pose a risk on near-term profitability, especially given the ongoing stress in the sector. So far, Fedfina has remained insulated from system stress in unsecured loans, evident in GNPL of &amp;lt;1% for last eight quarters. Outlook Considering its inexpensive valuation at 1.1x FY26E BVPS and likely improvement in credit cost during H2FY25, we maintain BUY with a revised TP of INR 130 (earlier INR 184), as we trim our earnings estimates by 16%/5% for FY25/FY26 and also cut the multiple to 1.5x (earlier 2x) PBV on Sep’25E BVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Godrej Properties; target of Rs 2113: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Godrej Properties Godrej Properties (GPL) clocked strong Q2FY25 gross sales bookings of 5.2msf worth INR 52bn, led by 5.6msf of launches for the quarter worth INR71.7bn. Sales bookings were driven mainly by INR 14.9bn of sales from Godrej Vrikshya, Gurugram, INR 6.1bn from Godrej Woodside Estate, MMR and other launches during the quarter. Buoyed by the strong H1FY25 performance where it has achieved gross sales bookings of INR 138bn, the company is well on track to meet its FY25 sales booking guidance of INR 270bn (INR 225bn achieved in FY24). We model for INR 260bn of sales bookings in FY25E and INR 300bn in FY26E owing to the company’s strong launch pipeline. Outlook We retain our SELL rating owing to rich valuations of 6.5x FY26E P/B with a revised target price of INR2,113 (earlier INR 1,861) based on 1.5x FY25E NAV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: From Data Centers to Caravans: This PMS fund manager bets on interesting concepts, companies [/INST] The full article is as follows: Vijay Bharadia is a third-generation businessman from a textile family who turned to managing people’s money in 2018. He manages Rs 375 crore across five strategies in Wallfort PMS, which he founded after transitioning from managing private client money successfully to launch a PMS structure. The founder and CIO's oldest strategy has delivered 112 percent returns to investors in the last one year. His current focus? He is betting big on the data center space because 2026 onwards, data generated by 140 crore Indians has to be stored in the country itself and cannot be taken outside India. While companies like Anant Raj and Techno Electric &amp;amp; Engineering are at the forefront in the data centers arena, Bharadia has something different in his mind. He prefers to invest through proxies -- businesses providing various parts which enables data centers to run. One of his bets is Blue Star, which has a pan-India presence. As data centers generate substantial heat, the demand for efficient cooling solutions, will surge, benefiting the company. Meanwhile, the fund manager has invested in an unlisted company called Motohom, which makes caravans. He says that the caravan business in India is untapped unlike the $20 billion RV (recreational vehicle) industry in the US. While many companies in India focus on vanity vans, which celebrities use for temporary comfort on movie sets, caravans are designed for family holidays, and have amenities like kitchens and bathrooms. Bharadia sees a major gap in India’s infrastructure, especially in remote tourist areas and national parks where there is a lack of proper accommodation. He says in the coming years, caravans could solve this problem by offering a mobile and hygienic solution. Although it may take 5-7 years for the caravan market to develop fully in India, the potential is huge for companies willing to invest in this space. The fund manager bought the company six months back at Rs 30 crore, and its valuation is at the same level currently. The fund manager has invested in a biotech company as well, called Pandorum Technologies, which focuses on tissue regeneration to restore eyesight. They have developed a solution that uses just two drops to regenerate a person’s cornea. After successfully clearing animal trials, the company is preparing for human trials, expected to begin within nine months. Wallfort invested in this company before it started animal trials at a valuation of Rs 350 crore. It is currently valued at around Rs 1,000 crore. With the upcoming human trials and its potential success, the market opportunity is significant, especially in the US where the product could target a $10 billion market, he says. Bharadia says that even insurance companies could cover the cost of the drops as they annually spend $100,000 on one person on care for blind individuals. Spending on the drops rather is cost effective for them. The PMS’ oldest strategy – Diversified Fund had given returns of 112 percent in the last one year as compared to the benchmark returns of 44 percent. While it has given returns of 41 percent in the last 5 years as compared to the benchmark of returns of 22 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Amber Enterprises India; target of Rs 5625: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Amber Enterprises India Amber’s business transformation journey is progressing well. The company is taking rapid strides under its electronics business – we expect it to compound materially over the medium term. The core RAC business-led consumer durables business showed strong growth and has a huge growth runway in our view. Takeaways: (1) Amber’s major revenue contributors – consumer durables and electronics segment – posted robust revenue growth amid a favourable business environment and we model H2FY25 to remain strong. (2) Gross margins contracted due to change in revenue mix. However, operational efficiencies offset its impact as EBITDA margin expanded YoY. (3) Railway mobility business might continue its weak growth streak in the near term amid business headwinds. While there is strong growth, we believe return ratios are less than cost of capital and FCF generation is also negative. Outlook Hence, we maintain REDUCE with a DCF-based revised TP of INR 5,625 (earlier: INR 3,850; implied FY26/27E P/E: 56/42x). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Dr Lal Pathlabs; target of Rs 3100: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Dr Lal Pathlabs Dr Lal PathLabs’ (Dr Lal) Q2FY25 revenue growth of 9.8% YoY was lower than our expectation, though its better EBITDA margin of 30.7% was a surprise. Q2FY25 growth was driven by its bundled test package Swasthfit, which rose 25% YoY and accounted for 24% of revenue (vs. 22% last year). Suburban continues to demonstrate better growth (11.6% YoY) while its margins touched 20% in Q2FY25 (up 650bps YoY). Ahead, management is focusing on boosting volume growth and may refrain from taking price hikes in the near term. Cash balance of INR 10bn may be utilised for M&amp;amp;A to improve its presence in south India and other fast-growing cities. Outlook We cut our FY25E/FY26E EBITDA by ~4%/5% to factor in moderate revenue growth. Retain HOLD with a lower target price of INR 3,100. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold AU Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 630: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on AU Small Finance Bank AU SFB’s Q2FY25 performance was mixed with it sustaining profitability (RoA of 1.6%) and growth momentum (loan growth at 6% QoQ) but credit cost continues to be higher than the guided range. Credit cost during Q2 increased to 1.6% vs 1.4% QoQ owing to higher stress in secured retail assets due to seasonality and higher slippages in MFI and credit card segments. While management expects improvement in asset quality during H2FY25, it has revised full year FY25 credit cost guidance upwards to 1.3% vs 1.1% earlier due to likely higher stress in MFI and credit card. It also highlighted that it has already initiated several measures to contain slippages in credit card and MFI businesses like tightening underwriting, reducing loan amounts and strengthening collections team. Outlook Maintain HOLD with an unchanged TP of INR 630, valuing the stock at 2.5x Sep’25E BVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold SRF; target of Rs 2250: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on SRF SRF’s chemicals business is facing multiple headwinds from increased Chinese competition, weak demand from agrochemical innovators, delay in new product commercialisation and drop in prices across specialty chemicals and HFCs. Nonetheless, SRF expects revenues to improve in H2FY25 with healthy orderbook visibility for Q4FY25 in specialty chemicals. It believes margins have bottomed out, and technology intervention and higher volumes shall aid improvement. The company has announced capex for HFO of INR 11bn. Outlook We cut our FY25E/26E EPS by 18%/17%, entirely driven by slower-than-expected recovery in its chemicals business, and revise our SoTP-based TP to INR 2,250 (from INR 2,480) as we roll over valuation to Sep’26E. We downgrade SRF a notch to HOLD (from Add). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2596: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on TVS Motor Company TVS Motor Company (TVSL) continued to move up the profitability curve. The company delivered yet another quarter of record margin at 11.7% (vs. consensus 11.8%), up 65bps/25bps YoY/QoQ despite the EV mix increasing 70bps/130bps in Q2FY25 (EV revenues ~10% in H1). TVS expects rural demand to recover, and it expects to see 7–8% industry growth in Q3. We believe, TVS has the capability to deliver 12–12.5% EBITDAM in FY25–26E, despite e2W scaling in excess of ~30k units/month with 10% CAGR in overall volume in FY24–26E. Outlook However, TVSL’s stock (up ~70%) has outperformed the Nifty index (up ~27%) over the last one year, reducing its upside. Accordingly, we downgrade TVSL to HOLD, from Add, with a DCF-based unchanged TP of INR 2,596, implying 30x FY26E standalone EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gabriel India; target of Rs 700: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Gabriel India Exceeding our estimated Rs966m, Gabriel’s Q2 consolidated EBITDA surged 34% y/y to Rs987m. On the change in strategy, the company’s entry into the high growth “sunroof” product line is positive and would be a major value driver. Further, diversification into new product lines partnerships/acquisitions would keep growth strong. The next M&amp;amp;A announcement is expected in FY25 and another two in three-four years. Outlook The company is our top pick in small-cap ancillaries. We introduce our FY27e, with 14%/17%/19% revenue/EBITDA/PAT growth. We retain a Buy at a higher TP of Rs700 (earlier Rs610), 28x consolidated FY27e EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Navin Fluorine International; target of Rs 3523 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Navin Fluorine International Navin Fluorine International (NFIL) reported a revenue of Rs5.18bn (9.9% YoY/ -1% QoQ). The topline was 17% lower than our estimates of Rs6.6bn (cons est Rs5.5bn). HPP vertical saw 23% YoY revenue growth, driven by optimal HFO and R-32 operations as well as improved R-22 prices. Expansion of R-32 capacity is on track and is expected to be commissioned in Feb’25, while AHF capex shall be commissioned by end-FY25. Specialty chemicals segment recorded 15% decline in sales. However, the management expect growth to pick up driven by strong order visibility for this segment in H2FY25 and beyond. One new molecule was introduced at the Surat facility; plans are afoot to launch 2 more in Q3FY25. CDMO vertical saw 16% QoQ decline in revenue, but 42% YoY increase; revenue is targeted to reach USD100mn in FY27. Phase 1 of cGMP4 plant is on track and is expected to commissioned by Q3FY26. Though specialty chemicals segment has been impacted by subdued demand, we believe long-term fundamentals of the company are intact and strong order visibility will drive growth. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 38x FY27E EPS of Rs87. We value the company at 45x FY26/FY27 EPS to arrive at TP of Rs3,523. We maintain ‘Accumulate’ on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Hindustan Unilever; target of Rs 3079: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Hindustan Unilever HUL’s Q2FY2025 performance was slight miss on expectations with revenues growing by 1.5% y-o-y while PAT declined by ~4% y-o-y; underlying volumes grew by 3%, lagging street expectations of 4-5%. Rural demand is recovering, while urban demand is moderating resulting in no major uplift in the overall demand. Management expects low-single digit price-led growth in H2FY2025 due to input cost inflation. OPM to remain at ~23% in the near term. Board has decided to separate ice cream business to sharpen focus on core business. Ice cream business contributes ~3% of overall India business and this move is unlikely to have any impact on HUL’s earnings performance. Outlook Stock has corrected by 13% from its recent high and trades at 59x, 54x and 49x its FY25E, FY26E and FY27E EPS, respectively. We retain a Buy on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 3,079. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2839: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on TVS Motor Company Reported APAT at Rs 663 crore (up 23.5% y-o-y) as against the estimate of Rs 655 crore on 70 bps y-o-y expansion in EBITDA margin to 11.7%. This was the consecutive fifth quarter when TVSM has reported EBITDA margins of above 11% Outlook We maintain a Buy on the stock with an unchanged PT of Rs 2839 eyeing a gradual revival in export volumes, successful launches in the EV space and sustenance of high EBITDA margins. Stock trades at P/E multiple of 30.6x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 18.1x its FY27E estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: SBI Life crack 5% on Q2 miss, but brokerages hope growth from new investments, product launches [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of SBI Life Insurance dropped over 5 percent to Rs 1,624 on October 24, following a weaker-than-expected performance in the September quarter. The company’s results fell short of market expectations, with key metrics such as Annual Premium Equivalent (APE) and Value of New Business (VNB) coming in 11 percent and 14 percent below Street estimates, respectively. Adding to the disappointment, the VNB margin contracted by 160 basis points year-over-year to 26.9 percent in Q2FY25. Analysts attributed the margin compression to an unfavorable shift in the business mix, driven by increased traction towards linked and participating (PAR) products, which tend to have lower margins. Despite the subdued performance, brokerages remain optimistic about SBI Life's growth prospects, pinning hopes on product innovation, investments in distribution channels, and digital initiatives. Motilal Oswal reiterated its 'buy' rating with a target price of Rs 2,100 per share. The brokerage expressed confidence that the launch of new products will help revive the protection segment, a critical driver of profitability, while sustained investments in agency channels and digital enhancements are expected to boost growth. Motilal Oswal projects that SBI Life will achieve an 18 percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in APE and VNB over FY24-27, with a Return on Embedded Value (RoEV) stabilising around 20 percent by FY27. ALSO READ: SBI Life Q2 profit jumps 39% at Rs 529 crore HDFC Securities also maintained its bullish outlook, issuing a high-conviction ‘buy’ call with a target price of Rs 2,020 per share. Analysts highlighted three key factors supporting their optimism: the insurer’s exclusive access to SBI’s extensive distribution network, with branch penetration at approximately 2 percent; opportunities to shift towards more traditional, margin-accretive products; and a competitive edge in cost efficiency, particularly in its expense-to-APE ratio compared to peers. Similarly, UBS reaffirmed a 'buy' rating on SBI Life with a target price of Rs 1,940, underscoring the potential impact of the company’s recent product launches. While these new products, particularly in the pure protection space, were introduced late in the quarter, the brokerage expects their benefits to become evident from Q3FY25 onwards. UBS also noted encouraging improvements in persistency across various customer cohorts, excluding the 37th-month metric, reflecting enhanced customer retention. Although the Q2 results highlighted some near-term challenges, including pressures on margins due to changes in product mix, analysts remain confident in the insurer’s long-term trajectory.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SRF; target of Rs 2707: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on SRF In Q2FY2025, revenue reached Rs. 3,424 crore, up 8% y-o-y, but down 1% q-o-q. Operating profit stood at Rs. 538 crore, reflecting a 14% y-o-y decrease and an 11% q-o-q decline. Margins were recorded at 16%, down 399 bps y-o-y and 167 bps q-o-q. PAT stood at Rs. 202 crore, down 33% y-o-y and 20% q-o-q. The chemical segment saw declines in key financial metrics, with revenue at Rs. 1,358 crore, down 5% y-o-y and 8% q-o-q. EBIT stood at Rs. 246 crore, down 29% y-o-y and 20% q-o-q, with EBIT margin at 16%, down 626 bps y-o-y and 255 bps q-o-q. The Board has approved two major projects: the establishment of production facilities for fourth-generation refrigerants at an estimated cost of Rs. 1,100 crore, expected to be completed in about 30 months, and a manufacturing facility for the BOPP-BOPE film line in Indore, costing Rs. 445 crore, and anticipated to be operational in approximately 25 months. The latter project not only expands substrate offerings but also aligns with the company’s sustainability agenda due to the recyclability of polyolefin substrates. Outlook We maintain BUY, adjusting our PT to Rs. 2,707, reflecting a valuation of 30x P/E, based on the projected FY2027E EPS of Rs. 90.24, considering ongoing challenges in the chemical sector. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Amber Enterprises; target of Rs 7350: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Amber Enterprises Q2 numbers were strong with a profit of Rs. 21 crore (versus a loss in the same quarter last year), superseding our estimates of Rs. 9 crore. Revenues rose 82% y-o-y (above our estimates of 37%) led by Consumer Durables (94% growth y-o-y) and Electronics (95% y-o-y) segments. Operating profits significantly jumped by 91% y-o-y contributed by humongous revenue growth and a slight rise in margins. Consumer durables segment growth is led by channel filling. RAC segment grew 104%, while Non-RAC vertical grew by 68%. Outlook We maintain a Buy rating, factoring in the long-term revenue growth triggers across segments with a revised PT of Rs. 7,350 (based on 41x of FY2027E EPS) At CMP, the stock trades at a valuation of 81x/49x/36x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 1600: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Kajaria Ceramics Consolidated revenue stayed in-line, with resilient tile volume growth. Consolidated OPM was hit by Bathware unit losses. OPM and PAT lagged estimates. Management marginally lowered tile volume growth guidance to 9-10% y-o-y, while it expects to meet lower end of OPM guidance of 15-17% for FY2025. It retained its three-year growth guidance as of now with a consolidated revenue target of Rs. 6500 crore for FY2027 and OPM of 15-17%. Outlook We maintain a Buy on Kajaria Ceramics with a revised PT of Rs. 1,600, factoring downwardly revised estimates and considering a healthy earnings growth trajectory in the next three years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy NIIT Learning Systems; target of Rs 525: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on NIIT Learning Systems For Q2FY2025, NLSL revenue stood at Rs. 397 crore, down 2% q-o-q/up 4% y-o-y in CC, missing our estimate of Rs. 417 crore. EBITDA margin fell ~160 bps q-o-q to 22%, below our estimate of 24.1%, largely due to wage hike and lower revenue. Revenue visibility improved to $368 million in Q2FY2025 from $350 million in Q1FY25. Management has revised its revenue growth guidance for FY25 to 7% plus in CC terms from 12-14%. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 525 (valued at 22x its September 2026E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 25x/21x/17.3x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gabriel India; target of Rs 558: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Gabriel India Gabriel reported PAT at Rs. 52.7 crore (+12.2% y-o-y) against our estimate of Rs. 54 crore on 3% beat in revenue estimates and 50 bps y-o-y expansion in gross margin. The Sunroof project has delivered EBITDA margin of 16.6% in Q2FY2025 against 14% in Q1FY2025. Outlook We maintain BUY with an unchanged PT of Rs. 558, driven by its strong brand reputation, expansion strategies, profitability focus, anticipated rise in content per vehicle, inorganic growth initiatives, and enhance export potential. The stock trades at a P/E multiple of 20.6x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 13.2x its FY2027E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Logistics; target of Rs 560: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Mahindra Logistics Consolidated revenue stayed in-line, led by healthy growth in the standalone business and sharp recovery in freight forwarding. Lower OPMs in standalone and express losses led to a miss on consolidated operating and net profit. Weak demand and high competitive intensity in the express business are likely to challenge EBITDA breakeven by Q4FY2025. However, it remains steadfast in turning around the express business. Order intake remained healthy at Rs. 200 crore annualised during Q2, sustaining momentum of new order intake of Rs. 210 crore annualised in Q1. Outlook We retain BUY on Mahindra Logistics Limited (MLL) with a revised PT of Rs. 560, factoring in downwardly revised estimates, while it remains on a growth path. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KPIT Share Price: KPIT Tech slumps 15% as JPMorgan slashes target price on expectations of a softer H2FY25 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of KPIT Technologies dropped by as much as 15 percent on October 24 after JPMorgan lowered its target price to Rs 1,900 per share. This comes after the company revised its FY25 constant currency revenue growth outlook to the lower end of its 18-22 percent guidance range, mainly due to delays in deal ramp-ups and closures. JPMorgan expects the guidance cut to lead to a softer H2FY25 and cautions that a weak exit rate could hamper FY26 growth as well. The brokerage had an 'Overweight' rating on the stock. At 12.23 PM, shares of KPIT Tech traded 13.5 percent lower at 1,414. October 24 marked the fifth session of decline for the stock. KPIT Tech's shares have declined over 5 percent since the start of 2024, underperforming the Nifty 50 which has gained over 12 percent in the same period. Follow our live blog for all the market action In an interview with CNBC-TV18, CEO Kishor Patil acknowledged project delays that led to the cautious guidance but reassured that the underlying growth remains strong. Patil also revealed plans for strategic acquisitions in the next six to nine months. For the quarter ended September, KPIT Tech's net profit remained flat at Rs 204 crore, compared to the previous quarter, while revenue rose by 8 percent to Rs 1,471 crore. EBITDA increased by 4 percent to Rs 301 crore, with an operating profit margin of 20.5 percent. Additionally, the KPIT board approved raising up to Rs 2,880 crore through a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) or other permissible methods, in one or more tranches.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold AU Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 700: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on AU Small Finance Bank Though credit cost rose sharply, AU SFB reported a sharp earnings beat led by strong fee income/ treasury gains and lower opex. The bank managed to report RoA/RoE at 1.7%/ 14.5% in Q2FY25. Asset quality worsened sharply led by secured as well as unsecured portfolio resulting in higher credit cost (1.6% of net loans vs 1.3% q-o-q) and credit cost remained above the guided range for two quarters in a row. Slippages increased to 3.1% (% of net loans) vs 2.4% q-o-q. Credit cost is expected to remain elevated in H2FY25 although the management is reasonably confident to pull back recoveries in secured portfolio in H2 however, improvement in asset quality in secured portfolio would be offset by increase in flows from MFI as well as credit cards portfolio. Outlook We maintain our HOLD rating on AU SFB with an unchanged PT of Rs. 700. The stock trades at 2.5x/2.2x its FY2025E/FY2026E BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SBI Life Insurance Co; target of Rs 2015: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on SBI Life Insurance Co SBI Life Insurance reported premium income lower than our estimates by 6% mainly due to weakness in the group insurance and muted growth in the bancassurance cahannel. In terms of APE, growth was muted at 3% YoY, lower than our estimates by 4%. VNB declined by 3% YoY due to increased sale of ULIP products and high base of last FY while VNB margin reported a degrowth of 159bps. The company continues to launch new products to diversify its product offerings and is working on Agency 2.0 to strengthen its agency network. Although, the quarter remained muted in terms of APE/VNB growth, the company remains optimistic about the path going ahead and expects APE growth of 15-17% YoY. Outlook We expect its APE/NBP to grow at 17%/21% CAGR over FY24-27E. The company is currently trading at P/EV multiple of 2.3/2.0/1.7x of its FY25/26/27E embedded value. We maintain ‘Buy’ on SBI Life Insurance with a target price of Rs 2,015; valuing the company at 2.5x on its FY26E embedded value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karnataka Bank; target of Rs 298: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Karnataka Bank De-growth in NII (lower margins) and less non-interest income (lower fees) led to 19% q/q decline in core operating profits for Karnataka Bank. Modest provisions supported profitability. Asset quality improved sharply. Ahead, with credit growth in mid-teens and modest credit costs, earnings are expected to be good, with the RoA likely holding near 1%. Outlook We maintain our Buy recommendation, with a 12-mth TP of Rs298, 0.8x P/ABV on its FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Amber Enterprises; target of Rs 8125: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Amber Enterprises Healthy growth in its consumer durables and electronics drove Amber’s strong Q2 growth. With its expanded portfolio and client added, it expects to outdo industry growth in RAC. PCB capacity (greenfield) is being expanded (capex Rs6.5bn), with revenue likely from FY27. JV with Korea Circuits has been signed to expand offerings to HDI, flex and semiconductor substrates. Outlook With strong electronics and mobility tailwinds, we expect 37%/48% FY27 revenue/ EBITDA (FY24 25.6%/32.1%) driving RoCE (8.3% to 20.6%) and EPS (Rs39.4 to Rs193.8) expansion. We retain a Buy at an Rs8,125 TP. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 8066: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Bajaj Finance Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 increased by 22.8% YoY (+5.6% QoQ) to INR 88,377 Mn, primarily led by robust growth in AUM. PreProvision Operating Profit (PPOP) stood at INR 73,071 Mn, a growth of 25.2% YoY (+5.2% QoQ) in Q2FY25. PPOP met our estimates. Profit after tax for Q2FY25 grew by 13.0% YoY (+2.6% QoQ) to INR 40,137 Mn. Higher provisions of INR 19,091 Mn have offset the healthy operating performance. Net profit miss against our estimates was 1.0%. BAF remains confident in its long-term outlook on the back of its strong growth in AUM, strategic investments in new business lines, and focus on operational efficiencies through technology like GenAI. We lower our PAT estimates for FY25E/ FY26E by 2.9%/ 2.0% given the expected increase in credit costs. Outlook We assign a P/ABV multiple of 4.6x on FY26E adj. book value of INR 1,753.4 to arrive at a target price of INR 8,066 per share (earlier INR 7,945). We maintain our “BUY” rating on BAF. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Supreme Industries; target of Rs 5752 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Supreme Industries We upgrade our recommendation to ‘BUY’ from ‘ACCUMULATE’ in view of the significant correction in stock price in the near past. Supreme Industries’ (SI) Q2FY25 volume growth was 0.2% below with our estimates, due to lower volume in the plastic pipe segment (down 0.7% YoY) and decrease in EBIT/kg to Rs14.7 (down 24.5% YoY) due to inventory loss in pipe segment. Plastic pipe realization corrected by 4.1% YoY due to fluctuations in PVC resin prices, change in product mix and competitive pricing. SI has revised its guidance for overall volume growth to 14-15% with EBITDA margin of 14.5-15.25% for FY25, and volume growth for pipe segment to 16-18%. SI has planned brownfield expansion at existing manufacturing sites and establishing new plants near Patna (Bihar), Malanpur (MP) and Kathua (J&amp;amp;K). We continue to maintain our positive view on SI given 1) capacity expansion in different geographies, 2) new product expansion, 3) pan-India distributors, and 4) cash surplus of Rs6.74bn for funding expansion plans. Outlook We estimate FY24- 27E revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 15.2%/16.5%/16.3%, with volume CAGR of 13.8% and EBITDA margin improvement of 50bps. We have downward revised our earnings estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27E by 6.6%/5.2%/4.2% and revised TP to Rs5,752 (Rs6,069 earlier), based on 50x FY27E earnings. Upgrade to ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 1000 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Can Fin Homes CANF saw a good quarter since NII/NIM surprised positively as reported NIM increased by 8bps QoQ to 3.65% driven by favorable loan yields and funding cost. A key monitorable, loan growth was in-line at 9.7% YoY, and the company is targeting disbursals of Rs100bn for FY25, suggesting loan growth of 13-15% YoY for FY25. It aims to improve loan growth to 15-17% in FY26E. While we are forecasting an AuM CAGR of 13.7% over FY24-27E, there are upside risks to growth due to renewal of CLSS, focus on SENP and adoption of technology initiatives. As per the management, following levers are in place to cushion NIM: (1) NHB sanction at a lower cost, (2) 27% of overall borrowings are repo linked and (3) share of higher yielding SENP in incremental credit flow is high at 30-35%. Outlook We remain constructive on CANF. With valuation at 1.9x and retaining multiple at 2.1x, we raise TP to Rs1,000 from Rs930 as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Mahindra Logistics; target of Rs 493 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mahindra Logistics Mahindra Logistics Ltd’s (MLL) operating performance was lower than our estimate with an EBITDA margin of 4.4% (PLe 4.8%) led by 1) unabsorbed white space of 1.1mn sqft, 2) additional hit of Rs30-40mn coming from hiring 6,900 contractual employees due to seasonality, and 3) losses of Rs242mn in B2B express segment. While unabsorbed white space would come down as demand revives, delay in break-even timeline within the B2B express segment is a concern. Incremental volume of 35-40% is required to achieve break-even, which may be challenging in the near term. Outlook We broadly maintain our estimates and ‘HOLD’ rating with a TP of Rs493 (earlier Rs500) as we cut our target multiple to 39x (earlier 41x) given the challenges in B2B segment. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Hindustan Unilever; target of Rs 2744 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Hindustan Unilever We cut FY25/FY26/FY27EPS by 4.1/5.2/5.7% factoring in 1) uncertainty in growth as urban demand has softened even as rural recovery continues 2) inflation in commodity basket in Palmoil, Tea, coffee and cereals and 3) sustained competitive intensity across mass segment in HPC. HUL is relying on gains from formulation change and price cuts in soaps and pricing in tea and coffee in 2H, which should provide realization growth with improved GM. Recovery in urban demand might be delayed due to high food inflation which will curtail significant margin expansion from current levels (180bps ad spend cut in 2Q). Long-term growth levers led by higher growth in Ecom and categories of future (liquids, Green Tea, premium skincare etc.) and premium segments remains intact. Outlook we estimate 9.1% PAT CAGR over FY25-27 and assign DCF based target price of Rs2744 (Rs2811 earlier), implying target PE of 53.6x sept’26EPS. We retain Hold given 13% correction from the peak, although any significant upmove looks unlikely in near term. Retain HOLD. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2628 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on TVS Motor Company TVSL’s Q2FY25 standalone revenue grew by up by 13.3% YoY, coming in 3.8%/2% lower than PLe/BBGe. Despite healthy volume growth and mix improvement in motorcycle, ASP declined by 1% YoY/2.5% QoQ, owing to inferior mix in the scooter’s portfolio. EBITDA grew by 20% YoY with a margin expansion of 70bps YoY to 11.7%, a 7 consecutive quarter of margin improvement. PAT increased by 23.5%, however; it was 4.7% below consensus estimates. TVSL outlined new launches for the EV portfolio to drive the overall scale of the business. The company foresees healthy growth outlook in the exports business with LATAM being one of the key market of its focus while steady revival in African volume shall further aid in international volume expansion. TVSL expects industry to grow by 7-8% YoY in Q3FY25 and aims itself to outperform the industry growth rate. Outlook We cut our revenue/EPS estimates by ~2- 4% to account for less favorable scooters mix. Factoring this, we estimate its revenue/EBITDA/EPS to growth at a CAGR of 13.5%/17.5%/20.4% over FY24- 27E and retain our “HOLD” rating and reduce our TP from Rs 2,784 to Rs2,628 (including Rs 78 for TVS Credit), valuing it at a P/E of 36x on its Sept’26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 1604 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Kajaria Ceramics Kajaria Ceramics (KJC) reported decline in profitability due to 250bps YoY contraction in margin in Q2FY24. It has downward revised its tiles volume guidance to 9-10% from 11-13% earlier and EBITDA margin to ~15% for FY25. Consequently, we have downward revised our earnings estimates by 9.5%/7.4%/2.8% for FY25/FY26/FY27E factoring in its soft performance in H1FY25 and downward revision in guidance. KJC reported healthy volume growth of +8.4% YoY during a challenging quarter, while realization corrected 2.8% YoY with increase in outsourcing volume and in sales of economy products, impacting gross margins. Outlook We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 10.6%/12.5%/14.8% over FY24-27E. We have considered 9.8% CAGR in tiles volume over FY24-27 with cons EBITDA margin of 16.1% in FY27. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating, as we value the stock at 40x FY27 EPS to arrive at TP of Rs1,604 (Rs1,651 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce SRF; target of Rs 2036 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on SRF Chemicals segment experienced 8% sequential decline in revenue in Q2FY25 due to continued slowdown in agrochemical. Fluorochemicals business faced challenges with subdued export realizations, although the domestic market for refrigerant gases performed well. BOPET film segment is expected to witness demand-supply imbalance for some time, resulting in 70bps sequential EBIT margin decline for the packaging film business. Packaging revenue increased by 27% owing to better domestic prices. Textiles business posted healthy sales volumes in belting fabrics; however, increased pressure from cheaper imports affected margins. Looking ahead, we expect continued strength in the domestic refrigerants market. Outlook However, challenges remain with weak agrochemical demand and oversupply from Chinese competitors, which could pressure margins in the near term. Given these factors, we remain cautious about the stock and maintain our ‘REDUCE’ rating, with SOTP-based target price of Rs2,036. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hindalco plummets 7% amid concerns over weak demand for arm Novelis after Constellium's warning [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hindalco dropped nearly 7 percent following a sharp 28 percent decline in Constellium SE's stock after its quarterly results were reported. Constellium reported lower third-quarter profit and revenue due to weakening demand across multiple end markets and disruptions caused by flooding at its Swiss facilities. Constellium SE, a Paris-based global manufacturer, specialises in aluminium rolled products, extruded products, and structural parts made from advanced alloys. Its shipments fell in the third quarter on account of poor performance in the automotive and aerospace sector. The company also said that demand remains weak in these two segments. Following the poor show, concerns have risen for Hindalco's arm Novelis, as Constellium SE—operating in the same segment—reports soft demand in the automotive sector, raising fears of similar challenges ahead for the former. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Automotives is the most profitable segment for Novelis, thereby driving a 20 percent share of Hindalco's total volumes and a higher proportion of the company's EBITDA. Bogged down by these concerns, shares of Hindalco tanked, emerging as the top loser on the Nifty 50. At 10.24 am, shares of Hindalco were trading at Rs 686.95 on the NSE, though still deep in the red, but off its day's low of Rs 666.75. Trading volumes in the counter were also sharply higher. As much as 87 lakh shares changed hands so far, significantly higher than the one-month daily traded average of 64 lakh shares. Meanwhile, the dollar index also strengthened to a three-month high, crossing 104 level. A stronger dollar index is also bad news for metal manufacturers and thereby further dented dragged sentiment for the stock.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 1695: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Kajaria Ceramics In line with ARe, Kajaria Ceramics’ Q2 revenue grew 5% y/y to Rs11.8bn. EBITDA/PAT fell 12%/22% y/y to Rs1.6bn/Rs843m, below our estimated Rs1.7bn/Rs940m. Input cost pressures impacted the gross margin, which dipped 252bps y/y to 56.6%. Cost-control steps restricted the EBITDA margin’s 255bps y/y drop to 13.5%. PAT slipped 20% y/y to Rs946m. Management expects good demand for the tiles industry in H2, assuming rub-off from the strong real estate sector. Outlook As the stock has slipped 19% from its recent highs and 9%/15% during the last one week/month, it offers a 35% potential upside, based on our higher 12-mth TP of Rs1,695, 40x FY27e earnings (earlier Rs1,520, 40x FY26e earnings). Hence, we upgrade to a Buy. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Persistent Systems; target of Rs 5441: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Persistent Systems We expect a Revenue/PAT growth at a CAGR of 17.0%/21.0% for FY24-FY26E, respectively, and to witness a revenue/PAT growth of 16.6%/21.8% for FY24-FY27E. Accordingly, we project FY26E EPS of INR 102.7 and assign a P/E multiple of 53x, driven by recent ACV wins, improving discretionary spendings supported by margin expansion due to lower SG&amp;amp;A expenses. Consequently, we arrive at a TP of INR 5,441 (previously: INR 4,798). Historically Revenue/PAT growth of PSYS from FY21-FY24 has been 32.9%/34.4%, exceeding our forecasted growth rates, which typically would suggest a lower P/E multiple. However, over the past six months, the stock has surged close to 61.0%, leading to stretched valuations. 1Yr Forward P/E of PSYS now trades at a record high of 65.6x, compared to a 3Yr average of 32.2x. Outlook At the current market price, we believe the risk-reward profile has turned unfavorable with the risks of a potential correction in multiple outweighs the potential upside. Accordingly, we are downgrading the shares of Persistent Systems Ltd to “REDUCE” from “HOLD”. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Aster DM shares climb 14% on robust Q2 earnings performance [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Aster DM Healthcare skyrocketed 14 percent on October 14 after the company delivered a robust earnings performance for the July-September quarter. The hospital chain reported a net profit of Rs 96.84 crore in the September, a stark turnaround from a net loss of Rs 30.79 crore in the same period last fiscal. Revenue also grew 16 percent on year to Rs 1,086 crore in Q2 FY25 as compared to Rs 934 crore in the base period. Not just that, operational performance also improved significantly as EBITDA margin expanded to 21.4 percent in Q2 FY25, up from 16.8 percent in the year ago period. “As we expand, with plans to surpass around 6,800 beds by FY27, Aster DM Healthcare is well-positioned to meet the increasing demand for advanced healthcare in India,&quot; Dr Azad Moopen, Founder and Chairman, Aster DM Healthcare, said in an exchange filing. Along those lines, Aster DM also plans to add over 1,800 more beds by FY27 along with the new addition of Aster Women and Child in Hyderabad with 300 beds. At 10.05 am, shares of Aster DM Healthcare were trading at Rs 446.60 on the NSE. The solid quarterly performance also triggered a surge in volumes in the counter as 79 lakh shares changed hands so far, significantly higher than the one-month daily traded average of six lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Coming to the first half of FY25, the company's payor mix improved with insurance business contribution at 30 percent, offset by lower scheme business. The company's flagship Aster Whitefield hospital (Bangalore) achieved nearly 67 percent occupancy levels and ARPOB (Average Revenue Per Occupied Bed) at Rs 70,000 in H1 FY25. In addition, core hospital business delivered an operating EBITDA margin of 22.4 percent in H1 FY25, up from 19.1 percent in H1 FY24.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Varun Beverages; target of Rs 738: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Varun Beverages VBL showcased a healthy performance in Q3CY24 results, which outperformed our estimates across the board. Consolidated revenue stood at INR 48,047 Mn, grew by 24.1% YoY, outperformed our estimate by 3.6%. The revenue growth was driven by expanded distribution network, increased product penetration and favorable demand trends in key markets. EBITDA reached to INR 11,511 Mn, grew by 30.5% YoY, bet our estimate. The growth was led by better operating performance. The corresponding EBITDA margin improved by 117 bps YoY to 24.0%. PAT stood at INR 6,196 Mn, reporting a growth of 23.7% YoY, which surpassed our estimate. Mainly due to better operating performance and lower than expected tax expenses. Outlook We maintain our CY26E Adj. EPS, mainly due to strong revenue growth, geographic expansion, and cost efficiencies. We re-iterate our BUY rating, valuing the company with a maintained PE multiple of 57x on a CY26E EPS of INR 12.9. Consequently, we arrive at a target price of INR 738, indicating an upside of 24% from the CMP. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 11,446: Religare Retail Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: Religare Retail Research report on UltraTech Cement For Q2FY25, UltraTech Cement reported revenue of ₹15,635 crore, marking a decline of 2.4% YoY and 13.5% QoQ on the back muted volumes and lower price realisation. Weak government capex and monsoon led to 12.9% QoQ decline in sales volume, while on annualised basis it reported only sub 4% volume growth reaching 27.8 MT. Due to high competitive intensity price realization continue to remain under, seeing 6.4% decline on annualised basis reaching ₹5,656 per ton. Outlook We expect revenue and EBITDA to grow at a CAGR of 13.57% and 19.4% over FY25-26E. Given its strong position and financials, we assign an EV/EBITDA multiple of 18.5x on FY26E EBITDA, slightly above its 10-year average. Consequently, we revise our rating to Accumulate (from Hold) with a target price to ₹11,446. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Piramal Pharma stock surges 5.5% on solid Q2 earnings show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Piramal Pharma soared as much as 5.5 percent in early trade on October 24, a day after the drugmaker reported solid earnings for the July-September quarter, marked by a steep surge in its net profit. At 09.38 am, shares of Piramal Pharma were trading at Rs 227.29 on the NSE. The drugmaker's net profit zoomed 3.5 times year-on-year to Rs 22.59 crore in the September quarter, up from Rs 5.02 crore in Q2 FY24. Piramal Pharma’s CDMO business got a boost from the growing demand for innovation-driven projects. The company also unveiled an $80 million expansion plan for its Lexington facility, set for completion by FY27, positioning itself to meet the rising need for sterile fill-finish capabilities. Sales for its CDMO business, which accounts for 59 percent of total revenue, grew 24 percent on year to Rs 1,320 crore. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action In the Consumer Healthcare (CHG) division, steady volume growth in inhalation anaesthesia products was reported across the US and Emerging Markets. Meanwhile, in its India Consumer Healthcare (ICH) segment, the company’s power brands and e-commerce sales continued their upward trend. Aided by these, revenue rose 17.3 percent to Rs 2,241.75 crore compared to Rs 1,911.38 crore in the same period last year. Meanwhile, lower opex also triggered sharp margin expansion in Q2. EBITDA margin swelled up 130 basis points on year to 15.2 percent in the quarter gone by. &quot;We continue our momentum of delivering healthy revenue growth accompanied by year-on-year EBITDA margin expansion. This has been primarily driven by consistent growth in our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisation (CDMO) business, which has witnessed a good pick-up in innovation-related work and on-patent commercial revenues,&quot; Nandini Piramal, Chairperson of Piramal Pharma said in an exchange filing. &quot;Over the long term, we remain committed to achieving our financial goals of US$2 billion in revenue with a 25 percent EBITDA margin and 1x net debt/EBITDA by FY30,&quot; Piramal further guided.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sona BLW shares up 10% on robust Q2, deal to buy Escort's railway equipment business [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sona BLW Precision Forgings rallied 10 percent to Rs 707 in early trade on October 24 after the company reported a robust set of numbers in the second quarter, and announced a signing pact with Escorts Kubota to acquire its railway equipment division. During the quarter, the auto components maker reported a 16 percent year-on-year increase in consolidated profit after tax (PAT), reaching Rs 143.57 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Revenue from operations for the quarter rose 17 percent to Rs 922.18 crore, compared to Rs 787.46 crore in Q2 FY23. Battery electric vehicles (BEV) accounted for 36 percent of the revenue, with BEV revenue growing 53 percent year-on-year during the July-September period. The company also reported a net order book of Rs 23,100 crore as of September 30, 2024. Sona BLW Precision Forgings (Sona Comstar) has agreed to acquire the Railway Equipment Division (RED) of Escorts Kubota for a lump sum cash consideration of Rs 1,600 crore. The transaction will be conducted on a slump-sale basis, treating RED as a going concern. According to Sona Comstar, the acquisition is expected to be earnings accretive from the first year and provides substantial growth opportunities. RED is a leading supplier of key components for railways, including brakes and suspension systems for various rolling stocks. It reported revenue of approximately Rs 950 crore in FY24. Following the two developments, JP Morgan and CLSA have dished contrasting views on the stock. JPMorgan has maintained a neutral call on Sona BLW, raising the target price to Rs 640 per share. The company's growth is being driven by its electric vehicle (EV) revenues, with further expansion into railway components following a recent acquisition. CLSA has upgraded Sona BLW to ‘outperform’ raising the target price to Rs 712 from Rs 690. The company delivered an in-line operating performance, and its acquisition of EKL’s railway component business is expected to drive profitable growth. CLSA also noted a potential slowdown in Sona BLW’s core business, which has increased the need for inorganic growth avenues. Revenue from the newly acquired railway equipment business is expected to contribute starting from FY26. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 704, higher by 9.3 percent from the last close on the NSE. Sona BLW shares have tanked 14 percent in the past month.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co; target of Rs 893: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co ICICI Prudential premium income growth was reported higher than our estimates as the company’s retail segment remained healthy during the quarter. Along with premium income, its income from investments too remained strong on YoY basis, however, margin remained weak sequentially. Commission costs remained elevated during the quarter as the company is still in the process to structure its commission expense as per the new norms. However, the company’s margin remained a miss broadly due to higher ULIP sales and lower demand for non-par products. Going forward, the company shall look for absolute VNB growth if the opportunity arises. Outlook The company is adapting to the new regulatory norms is seeing traction in its newly adapted products. IPRU is currently trading at a 2.2/2.0/1.7x P/EV of its FY25/26/27E embedded value. We maintain Buy on ICICI Pru with a target price of Rs 893, valuing the company 2.3x of its FY26E embedded value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Afcons Infrastructure IPO; KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey, Afcons Infrastructure Ltd Afcons Infrastructure Limited, part of the Shapoorji Pallonji group and established in 1959, has a legacy of over six decades in infrastructure engineering. As of September 30, 2023, it has completed 76 projects in 15 countries, with a contract value of INR 522.20 Bn and an active order book of INR 317 Bn from 67 projects. The company operates across Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, specializing in marine, surface transport, urban infrastructure, hydro, and oil and gas projects. Afcons Infrastructure is a flagship infrastructure, engineering, and construction company of the Shapoorji Pallonji Group a leading player within the Indian conglomerate landscape, having a legacy that spans over six decades. The company has established a robust track record in executing a wide array of complex and unique engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) projects, both domestically and internationally. It is recognized as one of India’s largest international infrastructure firms. The company has outperformed its peers in several key metrics. Valuation and Outlook In light of Afcons Infrastructure's robust growth potential, solid financial performance and strategic initiatives aimed at market expansion, we recommend a ‘SUBSCRIBE’ rating for the company. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Coforge bags target price hikes after strong Q2 show; revenue, margin outlook bright [/INST] The full article is as follows: Coforge has emerged as the 'top midcap IT pick' for several analysts after its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Brokerages cheered the strong earnings by reaffirming bullish calls or increasing their respective price targets on the stock. Nomura maintained a 'buy' call on Coforge with a target price of Rs 8,480 per share, expecting double-digit revenue growth for FY25. The company's strong headcount additions and a solid 12-month executable order book provide confidence in its near to medium-term revenue outlook, it said. Margins remain robust, and Nomura has raised its FY25-27 EPS estimates by 0.6-2.4%. The brokerage highlighted Coforge as its top midcap pick. HSBC has raised its target price for Coforge to Rs 8,200 per share, reaffirming a 'buy' call. Both Coforge and Cigniti reported strong Q2 results, pointing to a positive revenue and margin outlook. Coforge's robust organic growth is further supported by expected integration synergies in the coming quarters. Additionally, an open offer for an increased stake in Cigniti is set to commence on October 29, 2024, analysts noted. Morgan Stanley has reiterated an 'Overweight' rating on the counter, raising its target price to Rs 8,000 per share. The firm highlighted Coforge’s higher revenue growth visibility compared to its peers, driven by a strong pipeline of large deals and continued headcount growth. It also emphasized the company’s healthy EBITDA-to-operating cash flow conversion rate of 65-70%. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action According to Nuvama, Coforge’s Q2FY25 results have pacified almost all concerns, except margins. Despite widespread scepticism, the management has delivered on its promises – viz. organic revenue growth, revenue synergy, and Cigniti margin improvement. The brokerage continues to see strong growth ahead for the company and believes in its ability to build a strong business franchise over the next few years. It retained a 'buy' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 8,650. Meanwhile, Citi has issued a 'Sell' call on Coforge, with a target price of Rs 6,720 per share. While Q2 revenues exceeded expectations and growth was broad-based across verticals, Citi flagged margins that came in line. Analysts acknowledged the importance of Coforge’s executable order book in driving future revenue growth and noted the 5.4% QoQ increase in headcount, which supports near-term growth. Despite these positives, Citi has revised its EPS estimates upward by 4-5% to reflect the consolidation of Cigniti. In the previous session, Coforge shares surged to close 11.1 percent higher at Rs 7,555.45 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 22 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 54 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio beats Nifty yet again; coming soon -- the 2024 portfolio [/INST] The full article is as follows: Moneycontrol Pro has a reasonably long track record of advising readers on stocks that are delivering high returns with a strong fundamental backing. Following the same philosophy, the MC Pro Research team had recommended a concentrated equal-weighted portfolio of 8 stocks last Diwali that has delivered an absolute return of 39 percent, thereby outperforming the Nifty by close to 10 percentage points. MC Pro’s 8-stock Diwali 2023 portfolio &amp;nbsp; Three of the eight stocks have proved to multibaggers. MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio &amp;nbsp; Three stocks also did decently well and we remain fairly confident about their future outlook. MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio Cyient DLM had a tepid show, although the growth opportunities remain meaningful. This design-led manufacturing company, having a meaningful presence in high entry barrier verticals like aerospace and defence, has a strong medium-term outlook and is available at a reasonable valuation. The other stock that had a disappointing show was Sirca Paints. This specialized paint player catering to wood coating and wall painting was impacted by negative sector sentiment despite its steady show. However, with a focus on high-value products and on opportunistic acquisitions, the outlook appears promising, backed by a reasonable valuation. MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio The markets are facing headwinds from geopolitical uncertainty, US elections, China slowdown and softer macro indicators at home while supported by tailwinds of a nascent global recovery, reasonably long-term strength of the India economic story and abundant domestic liquidity support for equities. With the festival season around the corner, it’s time for new beginnings with a new portfolio. The MC Pro Research team is ready with its 2024 Diwali portfolio, comprising a basket of 20 stocks selected after rigorous analysis. Do watch out for its release. If you are among the 1 million subscribers benefiting from the MC Pro offering, you will be able to read it tomorrow October 25th. However, if you are not a subscriber then here is a good reason to become one now, click here for the various options. For more research articles, visit our Moneycontrol Research page. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open on a flat to positive note on October 24, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,510, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. The final hour selling pressure erased all the intraday gains to end on a negative note in the volatile session on October 23 despite broader indices outperformance. At close, the Sensex was down 138.74 points or 0.17 percent at 80,081.98, and the Nifty was down 36.60 points or 0.15 percent at 24,435.50. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading marginally higher, indicating a flat to positive opening for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,510 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed Thursday after U.S. stocks dropped overnight, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average posting its worst day in more than a month. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.05 -5.89 4.07 Nikkei 0.31 -4.83 6.65 Hang Seng Kospi 0.08 4.15 25.53 Taiwan -0.27 -4.56 -7.85 US Equities (Fall) Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, as climbing Treasury yields pressured megacap stocks and investors grew less confident about strong rate cuts from the Federal Reserve, while corporate news pressured McDonald's and Coca-Cola. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 409.94 points, or 0.96%, to 42,514.95, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 53.78 points, or 0.92%, to 5,797.42 and the Nasdaq Composite lost 296.47 points, or 1.60%, to 18,276.65. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.95 0.77 13.98 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.92 0.94 22.82 Nasdaq -1.60 0.82 23.03 US Bond Yield (Down) Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yields shed 38 bps at 4.22 percent after reaching reaching three-month high in the previous session.. The US 2-Year Treasury also trading lower by 21 bps at 4.06 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.22 down 38 3.72 4.82 US 2-Year Treasury 4.06 down 21 3.53 5.11 Dollar Index (Flat) The US dollar was trading flat amid the prospect of less aggressive Federal Reserve interest-rate cuts, and as positioning ahead of the US election offered support. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.35 100.46 106.27 Asian currencies (Higher) Asian currencies were mostly trading mostly higher in the early trade on Thursday. On a year-to-date basis, Thai Baht and Malaysian Ringgit, outperformed other currencies with gain of 1.4 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.384 -2.69 -1.45 South Korean Won 0.052 -3.75 -6.54 Japanese Yen 0.079 -6.17 -7.61 Philippines Peso -0. 141 - 3.08 - 4.55 Thai Baht 0.021 -3.30 1.37 Taiwan Dollar 0.103 - 0.124 -4.60 China Renminbi -0.094 - 1.09 -0.424 Malaysian Ringgit 0.046 -4.38 5.65 Singapore Dollar 0.068 -2.90 -0.121 Crude (Up) Oil prices edged higher on Thursday, recouping some of the more than 1% losses from the previous session after U.S. crude inventories rose much more than estimated. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 1.07 4.91 -0.17 Brent Crude 0.95 5.43 -1.77 Gold (Gains) Gold steadied in Asian trading, after falling by the most in 11 weeks on Wednesday on higher US bond yields and profit-taking near record-high levels. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.36 3.41 32.13 Silver 0.70 8.75 42.63 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities were trading mixed in the early trade on Thursday with Aluminium rising 1.4 percent, while Copper was down 0.6 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 1.37 2.22 11.98 Copper -0.64 -3.13 11.25 Nickel -0.05 -6.89 -1.73 Lead -0.29 -1.57 -0.27 Zinc 0.21 1.71 18.28 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 5,684 crore on October 23, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 6,040 crore on the same day. 23rd Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -5,684.63 -76,719.65 -2,19,255.84 DII Net Flows 6,039.90 1,21,191.30 4,26,775.01 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: New Asset Class: Distributors need training, certification to sell, say fund managers [/INST] The full article is as follows: While the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has allowed mutual funds to offer products under the New Asset Class category with strategies that fund houses were not permitted earlier, industry sources believe that the distribution part of the segment needs to be worked upon. Mutual fund managers say that since mutual fund distributors are unfamiliar with these complex products, they may need to pass new certification exams or undergo specialized training to sell them effectively. As the product details emerge, industry players are expected to urge industry body AMFI to provide clear guidelines and additional resources to help distributors sell these products. “To sell strategies like inverse ETFs and long-short funds, it's essential that distributors fully understand them first. At an industry level, there is a need for additional certification for distributors handling these products,” said Gaurab Parija, Head of Sales and Marketing at Bandhan Mutual Fund. Currently, any entity wanting to become a PMS distributor must appear for an XXI exam conducted by the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) – the nodal body for various certifications mandatory for market participants. Meanwhile, mutual fund distributors have to give NISM VA exam. &quot;Once the New Asset Class regulations are finalised, we will conduct multiple sessions to educate distributors about it,” said D.P. Singh, Deputy Managing Director &amp;amp; Joint CEO at SBI Mutual Fund. However, the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI), the umbrella body of mutual funds, is not currently considering a separate examination for distributors. “We are not considering a separate examination for distributors at this time, as we assume that investors with a minimum investment of Rs 10 lakh will have an adequate understanding of the associated risks with the New Asset Class,” said Venkat Chalasani, Chief Executive Officer of AMFI on sidelines of Cafemutual Confluence held in Mumbai. He, however, said that the distributors will have to give proper disclosures and build scenario analysis to understand the outcome of a particular strategy. On September 30, the SEBI board gave its final go-ahead for the New Asset Class. The minimum ticket size for the new asset class is pegged at Rs 10 lakh per investor across all investment strategies. In July this year, SEBI had released a consultation paper asking the industry for feedback to launch a new asset class that could be targeted at investors looking at something between a PMS and a mutual fund product and with a higher investable amount and risk appetite. More importantly, this new asset class aims to reduce the proliferation of unregistered and unauthorised investment schemes which often promise unrealistic high returns and exploit investors’ expectations for better yields by providing a regulated product, the SEBI consultation paper on the new asset class had stated.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: HUL, Escorts Kubota, NLC India, Nuvoco Vistas, AU SFB, VIP Industries, Thyrocare, Dr Lal PathLabs in focus on Thursday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today ITC, IndusInd Bank, NTPC, ACC, JSW Energy, Colgate-Palmolive, Godrej Consumer Products, Aarti Drugs, Adani Total Gas, Adani Wilmar, Bikaji Foods International, Castrol India, Chalet Hotels, Coromandel International, CSB Bank, Cyient, DCB Bank, Diffusion Engineers, Dixon Technologies, GMR Airports Infrastructure, Go Digit General Insurance, Indian Energy Exchange, Mahanagar Gas, Nippon Life India Asset Management, Patanjali Foods, Petronet LNG, PNB Housing Finance, Tata Teleservices, United Breweries, Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, and Westlife Foodworld will announce quarterly earnings on October 24. Quarterly Earnings Hindustan Unilever Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit declines 3.9% to Rs 2,612 crore Vs Rs 2,717 crore Revenue rises 1.5% to Rs 15,508 crore Vs Rs 15,276 crore EBITDA falls 1.3% to Rs 3,647 crore Vs Rs 3,694 crore Margin drops 70 bps to 23.5% Vs 24.2% Volume growth at 3% Company declares interim dividend of Rs 29 per share Sona BLW Precision Forgings Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 15.7% to Rs 143.6 crore Vs Rs 124.06 crore Revenue jumps 17.1% to Rs 922.2 crore Vs Rs 787.5 crore EBITDA grows 14.7% to Rs 252.3 crore Vs Rs 220 crore Margin declines to 27.4% Vs 27.9% Thyrocare Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 29% to Rs 26.4 crore Vs Rs 20.4 crore Revenue increases 20% to Rs 177.4 crore Vs Rs 148 crore EBITDA jumps 28% to Rs 48.2 crore Vs Rs 37.6 crore Margin expands 200 bps to 27% Vs 25% Dr Lal PathLabs Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 18.2% to Rs 131 crore Vs Rs 111 crore Revenue increases 9.8% to Rs 660 crore Vs Rs 601 crore EBITDA jumps 13.9% to Rs 202 crore Vs Rs 178 crore Margin rises 110 bps to 30.7% Vs 29.6% Interim Dividend at Rs 6 per share for FY25 Birlasoft Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit falls 15.1% to Rs 127.5 crore Vs Rs 150.2 crore Revenue rises 3.07% to Rs 1,368.2 crore Vs Rs 1,327.4 crore Birla Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 25.2 crore Vs profit of Rs 58.4 crore Revenue declines 14.5% to Rs 1,952.6 crore Vs Rs 2,284.3 crore VIP Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 33 crore Vs profit of Rs 13.3 crore Revenue drops 0.3% to Rs 544.3 crore Vs Rs 546.1 crore AU Small Finance Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit surges 42.2% to Rs 571.2 crore Vs Rs 401.8 crore Revenue jumps 58.1% to Rs 1,974.4 crore Vs Rs 1,249 crore Gross NPA rises to 1.98% Vs 1.78% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 0.75% Vs 0.63% (QoQ) Fedbank Financial Services Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 12% to Rs 64.6 crore Vs Rs 57.8 crore Net interest income jumps 28% to Rs 264.9 crore Vs Rs 207.3 crore Karnataka Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 1.8% to Rs 336 crore Vs Rs 330 crore Net interest income increases 1.4% to Rs 834 crore Vs Rs 822 crore Gross NPA falls 33 bps to 3.21% Vs 3.54% (QoQ) Net NPA declines 20 bps to 1.46% Vs 1.66% (QoQ) MAS Financial Services Q2 (YoY) Profit zooms 27.6% to Rs 76.6 crore Vs Rs 60 crore Net interest income grows 27.4% to Rs 191.6 crore Vs Rs 150.4 crore Navin Fluorine International Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 3% to Rs 58.8 crore Vs Rs 60.6 crore Revenue grows 9.9% to Rs 518.6 crore Vs Rs 471.8 crore EBITDA jumps 9.1% to Rs 107.4 crore Vs Rs 98.3 crore Margin falls to 20.7% Vs 20.9% Schaeffler India Q3 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 1.6% to Rs 236.4 crore Vs Rs 232.8 crore Revenue jumps 14.2% to Rs 2,116.4 crore Vs Rs 1,853.6 crore Piramal Pharma Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 350% to Rs 23 crore Vs Rs 5 crore Revenue grows 17% to Rs 2,242 crore Vs Rs 1,911 crore Piramal Enterprises Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 238% to Rs 163 crore Vs Rs 48 crore Net interest income grows 17% to Rs 881 crore Vs Rs 750 crore Exceptional gain at Rs 77 crore Vs exceptional loss Rs 64 crore Pidilite Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 17.8% to Rs 540.3 crore Vs Rs 458.5 crore Revenue grows 5.2% to Rs 3,234.9 crore Vs Rs 3,076 crore Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 85.2 crore Vs profit at Rs 1.5 crore Revenue falls 11.8% to Rs 2,268.6 crore Vs Rs 2,573 crore IIFL Finance Q2 (Standalone YoY) Loss stands at Rs 441.3 crore Vs profit of Rs 136.7 crore Net interest income drops 8.2% to Rs 596.4 crore Vs Rs 649.5 crore United Spirits Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 0.6% to Rs 341 crore Vs Rs 339 crore Revenue falls 0.9% to Rs 2,844 crore Vs Rs 2,869 crore Stocks To Watch Escorts Kubota The company has entered into a Business Transfer Agreement with Sona BLW Precision Forgings (Sona Comstar) for transferring the existing railway equipment business division (RED) as a going concern, on a slump sale basis, for Rs 1,600 crore. This aligns with the company's strategic focus on the agri and construction equipment sectors. Infosys The digital services and consulting company unveiled its new and expanded Living Labs to help clients accelerate innovation and leverage emerging technologies for future-proofing their businesses. It also announced a collaboration with the University of Cambridge to establish a new AI Lab in London. Additionally, the company strengthened its collaboration with Meta to drive innovation in generative AI through open-source initiatives. NLC India The company has signed a Joint Venture Agreement with Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam for setting up a 3x125 MW lignite-based thermal power station in Rajasthan. It will also develop the mines to meet the fuel requirements of the thermal power station. Additionally, its subsidiary, NLC India Renewables, has signed a Joint Venture Agreement with Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam for developing 2,000 MW of renewable power projects in Rajasthan. Signature Global The company has executed a Sale Deed to sell its property in Haryana State Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation at Udhyog Vihar, Phase-V, Gurugram, to Culture Holidays India for Rs 25.5 crore. Mahindra and Mahindra The automobile company has inaugurated its two development test facilities: the Mahindra Passive Safety Lab and the Battery &amp;amp; Cell Research Lab, in Chennai. Kalpataru Projects International The Board will meet on October 28 to consider the company's unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and half-year ended September 2024, as well as a proposal for raising funds via Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP). Mankind Pharma The company and its subsidiary, Appian Properties, have completed the acquisition of a 100% stake in Bharat Serums and Vaccines for Rs 13,768 crore. Post-acquisition, Bharat Serums and Vaccines has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. Adani Power The Board will meet on October 28 to consider raising funds of up to Rs 5,000 crore via public issue and/or private placement of non-convertible debentures (NCDs) in one or more tranches. Titan Company The Board has appointed PB Balaji as Nominee Director of Tata Sons on the board of the company, effective October 28. Bulk Deals Crest Ventures Capri Global Holdings has acquired a 0.52% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 470 per share. Foods &amp;amp; Inns Ambit Investment Advisors has bought a 0.52% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 131.44 per share. Krishca Strapping Solutions Mavira Growth Opportunities Fund bought a 1.04% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 355.39 per share. SME Listing on October 24 Freshara Agro Exports Stock Turns Ex-Dividend Tips Music Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Rights Diligent Industries, Mercury Trade Links Stock Trades Ex-Date for Resolution Plan -Suspension Steelco Gujarat F&amp;amp;O Ban NMDC, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Birlasoft, GNFC, Indian Energy Exchange, IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, Piramal Enterprises, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade TCS, HCL Tech, PG Electroplast, Voltas, Mphasis and others on Thursday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices remained in negative terrain with moderate losses amid volatility on October 23, continuing the downtrend for the third consecutive session, despite a positive market breadth. About 1,461 shares gained against 1,039 shares that fell on the NSE. The market is expected to sustain its downtrend amid consolidation, with a &quot;sell on rally&quot; strategy. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Jatin Gedia, Technical Research Analyst, Capital Market Strategy at Sharekhan Tata Consultancy Services | CMP: Rs 4,066 TCS has completed a five-wave decline on the downside. We expect a retracement of this fall. The stock has formed a Bullish Engulfing candlestick pattern on the daily charts, which has bullish implications. A positive divergence on the daily momentum indicator suggests a loss of selling momentum on the downside. One can go long. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,223, Rs 4,293 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,020 Voltas | CMP: Rs 1,795.65 Voltas has retraced 61.82 percent of the previous five-wave decline and has resumed its next leg of the fall. The daily momentum indicator has triggered a negative crossover, which is a sell signal. Thus, one can go short on the stock. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 1,712 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,838 Vidnyan S Sawant, Head of Research at GEPL Capital HCL Technologies | CMP: Rs 1,845.75 HCL Technologies has demonstrated a strong and consistent price structure on the weekly chart, particularly following a key change of polarity in June 2024. Since then, the stock has maintained its upward trajectory despite broader market volatility, showcasing high relative strength compared to its peers. On the technical front, HCL Technologies remains positioned above all major moving averages, including the 12, 26, 50, 100, and 200 EMAs (Exponential Moving Averages), underscoring its bullish momentum. The MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) indicator is also trending higher, reflecting sustained buying interest and reinforcing the stock’s positive outlook. This technical alignment suggests that HCL Technologies is well-poised for further gains. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 2,155, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 1,694 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,155 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,694 PG Electroplast | CMP: Rs 585.8 PG Electroplast has exhibited a solid price structure across higher timeframes, consistently maintaining its upward trajectory. In the recent week, the stock found key support at its 12-week moving average, indicating a potential bullish mean reversion. This suggests the stock is regaining strength and is poised for further upside. Additionally, other key moving averages, including the 26, 50, 100, and 200-week EMAs, are all trending higher on the weekly scale, further reinforcing the bullish momentum. The MACD momentum indicator also shows a steady upward trend, confirming that the stock's positive price action is backed by strong, underlying momentum. This technical setup suggests PG Electroplast is well-positioned for continued growth in the coming weeks. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside target of Rs 704, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 540 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 704 Stop-Loss: Rs 540 Skipper | CMP: Rs 540 Since 2022, Skipper has been in a persistent upward trend, showcasing strong bullish momentum. On the weekly scale, the stock retested a key multi-year breakout level in March 2024, and since then, it has consistently formed higher tops and higher bottoms, a hallmark of a healthy uptrend. Skipper has also maintained its position above critical moving averages, including the 12, 26, 50, 100, and 200-week EMAs, further reinforcing the strength of its upward trajectory. The MACD indicator is trending higher, signaling strong underlying momentum, which confirms that the price action is well-supported. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside potential target of Rs 645, with a stop-loss at Rs 494 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 645 Stop-Loss: Rs 494 Century Plyboards | CMP: Rs 879 Century Plyboards has been in a steady uptrend since March 2023, with any minor dips consistently finding support around the 12-EMA and 26-EMA. This buying activity at key levels has helped the stock form a series of higher highs and higher lows, further affirming its strong upward trajectory. Technical strength suggests Century Plyboards is well-positioned to continue its upward movement in the near term. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 1,072, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 815 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,072 Stop-Loss: Rs 815 Shitij Gandhi, Senior Technical Research Analyst at SMC Global Securities Mphasis | CMP: Rs 3,119.85 Mphasis has been maintaining its bullish momentum and has seen the formation of a higher bottom pattern. Recently, after marking its 52-week high of Rs 3,187.80 in September, the stock experienced a series of profit booking and retraced back towards the Rs 2,850 level. However, the stock managed to find support there and has once again resumed its uptrend. Technically, the stock has given a fresh breakout above the symmetrical triangle pattern on the daily charts and is on the verge of a fresh breakout above its 52-week high level as well. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 3,100-3,120 for the expected upside of Rs 3,600-3,650. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,600, Rs 3,650 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,800 Tube Investments of India | CMP: Rs 4,635 For the last two to three months, Tube Investments of India has been consolidating in the range of Rs 4,000-4,600, with prices fluctuating within a broader range and sustaining well above its 200-day EMA. This week, a fresh breakout has been observed above the consolidation phase as the stock has picked up fresh bullish momentum above its key resistance level of Rs 4,600 after a prolonged consolidation phase. The positive divergences in secondary oscillators, along with a rise in average volume and positive price action, suggest further upward movement in the stock. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 4,600-4,650. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,400, Rs 5,500 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,100. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk Deals: Capri Global buys 0.53% stake in Crest Ventures [/INST] The full article is as follows: Capri Global Holdings Private Limited bought 1.5 lakh shares or a 0.53 percent stake in Crest Ventures for an average price of 470 per share. Crest Ventures shares closed at Rs 472, slightly down 0.41 percent on the NSE. Ambit investment advisors purchased 3.8 lakh shares of Foods &amp;amp; Inns at a price of Rs 131.44 per share. Mavira growth opportunity fund acquired 1.48 lakh shares or a 1.04 percent stake Krishca strapping solutions for an average price of Rs 355.39 per share. The shares of Krishca Strapping Solutions closed lower at 358.10 per share after locking in the lower circuit at Rs 360.30. The shares of Krishca strapping have delivered at return of 203 percent in a period of one month.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Market extend losses; Nifty below 24,450, Sensex down 139 pts [/INST] The full article is as follows: The final hour selling pressure erased all the intraday gains to end on a negative note in the volatile session on October 23 despite broader indices outperformance. At close, the Sensex was down 138.74 points or 0.17 percent at 80,081.98, and the Nifty was down 36.60 points or 0.15 percent at 24,435.50. On the back of mixed global cues, the Indian indices opened on a negative note with Nifty below 24400, but buying at lower levels erased all the losses in the initial hour and traded in positive territory. However, final hour selling dragged the Nifty below 24,450. Bajaj Finance, Bajaj Auto, Tech Mahindra, HCL Tech, Tata Consumer were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers included M&amp;amp;M, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Power Grid Corp and Shriram Finance. The BSE Midcap index up 0.5 percent and Smallcap indices up 1 percent. Among the sectors, IT index up more than 2 percent, while capital goods, power, pharma down 1 percent each. More than 120 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Amber Enterprises, Coforge, Deepak Fertilisers, Firstsource Solutions, Indigo Paints, Max Financial, MCX India, Persistent Systems, Suven Pharma, Tube Investment, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 160 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Anupam Rasayan, Birla Corp, Capri Global, CreditAccess Grameen, Easy Trip Planners, IDFC First Bank, IndusInd Bank, Nestle, Rajesh Exports, RBL Bank, Relaxo Footwear, Sheela Foam, Tanla Platforms, TCI Express, Trident, Vodafone Idea, Zee Entertainment, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 24 Shrikant Chouhan, Head of Equity Research, Kotak Securities: Today, the benchmark indices witnessed a volatile trading session, after a roller coaster intraday activity the Nifty ends 36 points lower while the Sensex was down by 120 points. Among Sectors, IT index was the top gainer, rallied 2.5 percent whereas Healthcare and Pharma indices shed over 1.5 percent. Technically, after weak opening market bounce back sharply but one more time it witnessed selling pressure at higher levels. The intraday market texture is weak but oversold hence, we could expect one quick pullback rally if the market succeeds to trade above 24600/80500. Above the same, it could bounce back till 24650-24700/80700-80900. On the other side, below 24380/79900 the selling pressure is likely to accelerate. Below which, the market could slip till 24300-24250/79600-79400. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap down and witnessed a volatile day of trade today. It swung in both directions and ultimately closed in the negative down ~37 points. The Nifty pulled back however it was sold into indicating inability to hold at higher levels. Daily as well as hourly momentum indicator has a negative crossover which is a sell signal. Thus, considering the price and momentum indicator we expect the rangebound price action to continue. The range is likely to be 24400 – 24750. Sell on rallies to 24680 – 24750 is the preferred trading strategy for target of 24200 – 24000. Bank Nifty witnessed subdued price action. The overall trend remains negative and we expect the pressure to persist from short term perspective. We expect Bank Nifty to drift lower towards 50500 from short term perspective. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares: The selling spree continued in the Mid and Smallcap segments which dragged the Index lower in the opening trade but due to an extremely oversold condition in the broader markets, swift recovery was seen across the board where the IT sector was the major contributor; however, the higher level did not sustain for long and the Index settled the trade at 24,435.50 with a loss of 36.60 points. Broader markets outperformed Nifty50 as Mid and Smallcaps surged by 0.64% &amp;amp; 1.25% respectively. As indicated yesterday, Nifty50 took the support at the zone of 24,370-24,430 and it will continue to serve as a support zone while on the higher, 24,670 will be considered as immediate resistance.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 23 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity indices ended lower on October 23 following a volatile session. At close, the Sensex was down 138.74 points or 0.17 percent at 80,081.98, and the Nifty was down 37.90 points or 0.15 percent at 24,434.20. About 2,117 shares advanced, 1,647 declined, and 99 were unchanged. Firstsource Solutions | CMP: Rs 339.10 | The stock jumped 9 percent after the company announced plans to build a domain-centric large language model (LLM) specifically for the U.S. mortgage sector. This move, under its Firstsource relAI suite, aims to leverage its expertise in the mortgage process, enhancing services with AI-driven capabilities like credit assessments, loan quality checks, and document digitization. Amber Enterprises | CMP: Rs 6,320 | Shares of the company zoomed 11 percent. The buying in the stock came after the company's board approved a scheme of amalgamation between AmberPR Technoplast India and Amber Enterprises, apart from reporting robust number in its Q2FY25 results. Persistent Systems | CMP: Rs 5,722.7 | Shares of the mid-tier IT services firm jumped as much as 11 percent after it reported a 23.4 percent YoY increase in net profit at Rs 325 crore for Q2FY25. The IT firm’s revenue from operations surged 20.1 percent YoY to Rs 2,897 crore. The strong financial performance has caught the attention of several brokerages, leading to optimistic forecasts and buy recommendations. Coforge | CMP: Rs 7,555.4 | Shares of the company 11 percent after the IT solutions provider reported that its net profit rose 35.6 percent YoY to Rs 255.2 crore, while the revenue jumped 33 percent YoY to Rs 3,062.3 crore in the quarter ended on September 2024, which bolstered investor sentiment. The company's order intake for the quarter stood at $516 million, marking the eleventh consecutive quarter of more than $300 million order intake. Paytm | CMP: Rs 738.20 | Shares of the company gained over 7.5 percent as it received a nod from the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) to on-board new UPI users, nearly nine months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) placed an embargo on the addition of new customers. The nod to on-board new users may lead to an increase in UPI transaction volumes. This follows the company's announcement on October 21 that it recorded a net profit of Rs 930 crore in Q2FY25 on account of a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore from the sale of its movie ticketing business to Zomato. Hyundai Motor India | CMP Rs 1,900 | Shares rose 4 percent to Rs 1,929, following its muted market debut on Tuesday. Despite mounting concerns about the automobile sector's demand slowdown, a host of analysts are bullish on Hyundai. Motilal Oswal has set a target of Rs 2,345 for the stock, emphasizing its diverse product range across the mid-segment, SUV, and premium categories. PNC Infratech | CMP: Rs 333.95 | Shares of the company fell over 2 percent, extending their losses for the third session after the Ministry of Road Transport &amp;amp; Highways disqualified the company and its two subsidiaries from participating in any of the ministry's tenders. In an exchange filing, PNC Infratech stated that it has been barred from tender processes for one year, effective October 18, 2024. Chennai Petroleum | CMP: Rs 785.95 | Shares of the company tumbled 10 percent after petroleum refineries reported a standalone net loss of Rs 629.5 crore in Q2FY25 as against a net profit of Rs 1,190.56 crore a year ago. However, revenue from operations fell 27 percent to Rs 12,086.54 crore in the quarter ended 30 September 2024 from Rs 16,544.56 crore recorded in the corresponding quarter previous year. M&amp;amp;M Finance | CMP: Rs 267 | Shares of Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra Financial Services (M&amp;amp;M Finance) shares fell 5.2 percent after the company reported weak Q2FY25 results. For the second quarter, the company reported a net profit of Rs 369 crore as compared to Rs 235 crore a year ago, implying a rise of 57 percent YoY. Its total income rose by 19 percent YoY to Rs 1,991 crore. Gujarat Fluorochemicals | CMP: Rs 4,388 | The stock fell 6.8 percent. The fall coincided with GFCL EV - a subsidiary of Gujarat Fluorochemicals (GFL)raising Rs 1,000 crore from investors at an equity valuation of around Rs 25,000 crore. Promoters INOXGFL Group led the fund raise along with several marquee investors, including family offices of largest business groups, said GFL. The funds will be used for capacity expansion, and to capitalize on global opportunities in the electric vehicles space, as well as for energy storage systems (ESS).. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Rossari Biotech; target of Rs 1034: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Rossari Biotech Rossari Biotech reported lower than expected topline and bottom line Q2FY25 due to softer HPPC growth and material weakness in TSC segment. Despite these pressures , it posted 3.1%/12%/3.2%/7.2% revenue /GP/EBITDA/PAT growth on YOY basis led by heathy export growth in the HPPC segment. The strong GP growth did not percolate down to similar EBITDA growth as higher employee cost and increased other expenses led to lower cost absorption amid softer revenue growth. We believe the long term growth potential remains in place with strong export opportunity, recovery in domestic market and capacity addition alleviating the concerns on supply constraints. However, we have reduced our FY25E/FY26E EPS estimates by -10%/-6% post the Q2FY25 results given the prevalent issue on domestic HPPC and external TSC market. Outlook However, we believe that the capacity addition in ethoxylation and specialty chemical space in HPPC should aid to topline/PAT growth. Consequently, we maintain our BUY rating with a P/E multiple of 31x (Earlier: 29x) on FY26E EPS of INR 33.4 (25x PE on FY27 EPS) with a target price of INR 1,034 implying an upside of 31.4% from the CMP 787. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Shriram Finance Q2 preview: NII, profit to grow 18% YoY each, led by strong AUM growth [/INST] The full article is as follows: Latest Nifty 50 entrant Shriram Finance is scheduled to release its September quarter scorecard on October 25. The retail non-bank lender is expected to clock strong net interest income (NII) and profit growth in Q2, backed by strong disbursements and loan growth, said analysts. According to Moneycontrol poll of five brokerage estimates, Shriram Finance's NII is expected to rise 18 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 5,430 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 4,594 crore in the year-ago period. Profit is also likely to rise with the same tandem, up 18.6 percent YoY to Rs 2,077 crore in Q2FY25 versus 1,750 crore in Q2FY24. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy AUM growth: Emkay Global analysts forecasted 20 percent YoY growth in AUM to Rs 2.4 lakh crore in Q2FY25, as compared to Rs 2 lakh crore in the year-ago period. Limited margin contraction: Shriram Finance's margins are likely to contract by 37 basis points YoY to 9.5 percent in Q2FY25 from 10 percent in Q2FY24. However, it is expected to expand 6 bps sequentially from 9.57 percent a quarter back. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Commentaries on loan growth in CV and on asset quality in 2-wheeler and PL segments are the key monitorables in Shriram Finance's Q2 report card. Over the July-September period, shares of Shriram Finance surged 23 percent, significantly beating benchmark Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 9500: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bajaj Finance Overall operating performance was in line however higher credit (2.1% versus 1.9% q-o-q) was a key dampener resulting in muted earnings growth. Management guided that credit cost has probably peaked in Q2 as bounce rates are lower and additions to stage2/stage3 have moderated q-o-q, which is a key positive although overall credit cost guidance has been increased to 2.05% vs earlier of 1.75-1.85% for FY25. The company is reasonably confident that earnings growth is expected to gradually converge with asset growth, led by moderation in credit costs and stable NIMs in FY26 and outlook for H2FY25 is better than H1. Outlook At CMP, the stock trades at 4.2x/3.5x/3.0x FY2025E/FY2026E/ BV estimates. We retain our Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 9,500 as risk-reward is attractive. Underperformance could reverse as outlook gradually improves led by receding headwinds. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Persistent Systems; target of Rs 6200: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Persistent Systems Company reported $345.5 million in revenues, up 5.1% q-o-q in CC terms beating our estimates of $342 million. EBIT margins were flat q-o-q at 14% slightly beating our estimates of 13.9%. The company’s total TCVs stood at $529 million, up14% q-o-q/10%y-o-y. Persistent reiterated its aspiration to achieve $ 2 billion revenue target by FY27. Management would endeavour to maintain utilisation at 83-85%. Outlook We maintain Buy on the stock with unchanged PT of Rs 6,200 (valuing at 50x Sep-26E EPS). At the CMP, the stock trades at 57.4/45/37.5x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Zomato; target of Rs 300: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Zomato In Q2FY25, Zomato sustained &amp;gt;20% YoY GOV growth in food delivery. Gross take rate declined 20bps QoQ. We believe this was due to higher proportion of ‘zero delivery fee’ orders. However, net take rate remained flattish at 21.5% (I-sec est), as Zomato continued to expand its restaurant base (up 5.8% QoQ). Corporate overheads grew 8.9% QoQ as management invested in marketing. In quick commerce, store expansion was front-ended in Q2FY25, at 152 new stores (full-year guidance remains unchanged). Notably, AOV expanded further to INR 660, up 5.6% QoQ due to seasonality (rains) and assortment expansion. Gross take rate declined ~30bps QoQ due to addition of newer stores. Zomato’s board has approved a fund raise of up to USD 1bn, to be used to strengthen their balance sheet, as per management. Outlook We maintain BUY on the stock with a three-stage DCF-based target price of INR 300. Zomato remains our top pick in the Indian internet space. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Varun Beverages; target of Rs 606: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Varun Beverages Takeaways: (1) Varun (VBL) has aggressively ramped up production (operating at maximum utilisation) at its recentlycommissioned DRC facility, due to strong demand. It plans to scale up production capacity at DRC in a phased manner (2x by Aug’25). (2) Unfavourable weather hurt domestic volumes (+5.7% YoY). (3) VBL is streamlining operations in its Africa business – better operational efficiency potential. BevCo is registering better volumes amid a seasonally weak period; upcoming peak season may register higher volume growth. (4) VBL sees potential to register sales of INR 8– 8.5bn from the three plants proposed for its snack business. (5) Proposed fund raise could be utilised for: (i) debt reduction, (ii) expansion into newer territories, and (iii) inorganic acquisitions. We remain positive on VBL’s strong business outlook, but its current valuations seem stretched. Outlook Maintain HOLD with a DCF-based unchanged TP of INR 606 (adjusted for the 2:5 stock split; implied P/E of 62/49x CY25/26E). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Multi Commodity Exchange of India; target of Rs 6670: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Multi Commodity Exchange of India MCX’s Q2FY25 results exhibit three main trends: 1) consolidating on the new steady cost profile; 2) Healthy volumes across futures, options and premium conversions. 3) Growth in option participation. We indicated upside risk to earnings from volume surges, basis commodity volatility in our previous note (link), and it played out on these lines in Q1/Q2FY25. To adequately capture this higher-thanexpected volume growth potential on earnings, we now roll over to FY27. However, we believe our FY26/27E PAT of ~INR 7.3/8.8bn captures reasonable volume growth outlook well. Maintain HOLD. Upside risk may arise if commodity option trading continues to receive traction akin to equity, whereas downside risk may stem from reduced volatility-driven dip in volumes. Refer Exhibits 2 and 3 for scenario analysis of earnings to volume drivers. Outlook Basis our revised target price of INR 6,670, MCX is trading at 45.2x FY26E P/E and 49.6x FY26E core P/E (ex-other income). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Supreme Industries; target of Rs 4457: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Supreme Industries In Q2FY25, Supreme Industries (SI) reported disappointing operational performance. Blended plastic volume was flat YoY with pipes volume being flat too YoY (-27.1% QoQ; 5-year CAGR of 8.6%). As per management, volumes were tepid in Q2 due to PVC price volatility, adverse weather and low infra spending. Blended EBIT/kg contracted 18.9% YoY (on high base) to INR 17.1 (-3.6% QoQ), as pipes EBIT/kg fell 24.5% YoY to INR14.7 (-10.9% QoQ) due to inventory loss of INR 350–400mn (adj. EBIT/kg of INR 18.1-18.6). Management cut its pipe volume guidance to 16–18% (from 25%) for FY25. Outlook We cut our FY25–27E EBIDTA by ~8%-10% but upgrade the stock to HOLD (from Reduce) due to a ~21% price correction in the past three months with a rolled-over SoTP-based TP of INR 4,457 (earlier INR 4,905) set at an unchanged core business target P/E of 39x P/E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Mahindra Logistics; target of Rs 420: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Mahindra Logistics Mahindra Logistics Limited’s (MLL) Q2FY25 EBITDA performance undershot our/consensus estimates by 6.2%/23.6%. Key points: 1) Network services, which is ~18% of overall business, grew 46.1% YoY while 3PL grew by 6.8%. 2) Gross margins improved for network services; however, it has declined to 10.4% in 3PL (11% in Q1FY25) due to unabsorbed white space (~1.1mn sq.ft.) and addition of contractual manpower for peak season. 3) MLL shall infuse INR 500mn to support the cash burn at Rivigo; it needs ~35–40% volumes growth to achieve EBITDA break even, and target to become EBITDA positive by Q4FY25, which seems daunting. Outlook Given the H1FY25 performance, we reduce our FY25E/FY26E EPS by 61.5%/6.8% and maintain REDUCE with a revised target price of INR 420 (earlier INR 450). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hyundai Share Price: Hyundai Motor India stock rebounds 6% following a weak debut, brokerages bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hyundai Motor India rose 6 percent to Rs 1,929 in the afternoon on October 23, following its market debut. However, the biggest IPO in India disappointed investors, as it listed at a discount and closed more than 7 percent lower. Despite mounting concerns about the automobile sector's demand slowdown, a host of analysts are bullish on Hyundai as they see major support levers for the future. At about 1:15 pm, shares were trading at Rs 1,911, higher by 5 percent from the last close on the NSE. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Motilal Oswal has set a target of Rs 2,345 for Hyundai Motor, emphasizing its diverse product range across the mid-segment, SUV, and premium categories. As the second-largest car exporter, HMIL has achieved a 25 percent CAGR in export revenue, with exports expected to drive future growth. The firm projects an export volume CAGR of 11 percent over FY25-27. Although FY25 may be a moderate year for the automotive industry, the company is positioned for an 8 percent volume CAGR over the next two years, with a 17 percent earnings CAGR over FY25-27E. Motilal Oswal Research has given Hyundai a slight premium over its close competitor Maruti Suzuki, citing Hyundai’s strength in emerging technologies and superior financial metrics. International brokerage Nomura also a 'buy' call on the newly-listed entity. It highlighted the company's focus on style and technology. The ongoing premiumization is expected to drive high-quality growth, with the company projected to deliver an 8 percent volume CAGR over FY25-27, supported by the launch of 7-8 new models, including facelifts. Nomura anticipates EBITDA margins to improve to 14 percent by FY27, driven by a better product mix, cost reduction, and operating leverage. Overall, Hyundai is expected to deliver a 17 percent earnings CAGR over FY25-27.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Persistent Systems; target of Rs 6140: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Persistent Systems Persistent Systems (PSYS) reported a strong quarter on all fronts – 1) revenue; 2) deal TCV; and 3) margins. The company can address a key investor concern of its ability to improve margins in FY26 given one-off gains in FY25 led by levers of – 1) slower pace of sales and marketing investments; 2) pricing and right shoring; and 3) growing revenue share from higher-margin platform-based services. We largely maintain our FY26–27E EPS and increase our FY25 estimate by ~3%, factoring in the beat in Q2. Outlook We continue to value the stock at 51x on Q2FY26E to Q1FY27E EPS of INR 121 to arrive at a TP of INR 6,140 with a potential upside of ~19%. We upgrade PSYS to BUY (from Add) given the recent correction in its stock price. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gravita India; target of Rs 3265: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Gravita India Gravita India’s (GRAV) Q2FY25 performance was in line with our estimates. Key points: 1) Production volume rose 7.7% YoY aided by Lead (Pb), growing at 8.7% YoY. 2) Profitability was aided by LME-MCX arbitrage. 3) Capex plans largely on track with H1FY25 capex at INR 270mn. 4) Net debt/EBITDA was at 1.5x, as on end-Sep’24, compared to 1.6x at end-FY24. Management has maintained its long-term strategic growth and returns roadmap. In the near term, it expects regulatory tailwinds – reverse charge mechanism (RCM) and enhanced producer responsibility (EPR) – to aid scrap collection in the domestic market and ensure a level-playing field. Outlook We maintain BUY on GRAV with a DCF-based unchanged TP of INR 3,265. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Indus Tower; target of Rs 280: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Indus Tower Indus Towers’ (Indus) Q2FY25 performance was good on two counts: 1) stable net tenancy addition at 4,308 with some benefit already showing from VIL/BSNL rollout; and 2) strong cash collection, including INR 10.8bn collected towards past overdue. Indus has also seen a rise in rental/tenant, reflecting the benefit of rising 5G loading, and lower drag from renewals. VIL should embark on a capex cycle, which will likely provide opportunity for tenancy growth for Indus immediately; and Indus is prepared for increased competitive intensity or price pressure. Outlook We have baked in dominant incremental tenancy share for Indus in the VIL rollout, which remains unchanged; but our DCF-based target price has increased to INR 280 (from INR 270), factoring in buy back. Maintain SELL, as risk-reward is still unfavourable. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sonata Software surges 5% on securing multi-year AI deal from Fortune 500 company [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sonata Software’s stock surged 5 percent to Rs 613 on October 23 after the company secured a significant multi-year managed services contract from a Fortune 500 manufacturing giant. The partnership will focus on deploying an AI-driven, scalable operational framework to accelerate the client's global expansion and digital transformation. Through this long-term agreement, Sonata Software will assist the manufacturing leader in modernising its operations and delivering a seamless, unified user experience at scale. The collaboration leverages AI-powered solutions and industry best practices to enhance operational efficiency, ensuring both productivity gains and a strong return on investment. The Fortune 500 client, known for developing innovative packaging solutions aligned with the principles of the circular economy, has also expanded its footprint over the years through multiple acquisitions. “We are excited to offer our comprehensive Cloud and infrastructure expertise to provide the client with a tailored full-stack ITSM solution,” said Anthony Lange, Chief Revenue Officer at Sonata Software. ALSO READ: Accumulate Sonata Software; target of Rs 694: KR Choksey Sonata Software offers a range of IT services and software solutions to clients worldwide. Its services include cloud and data modernisation, Microsoft Dynamics modernisation, digital contact centre setup and management, managed cloud services, digital transformation, business app modernisation, platformation consulting, and data analytics. According to analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher, Sonata’s FY25 revenue growth is projected to be in the low double digits, with key sectors like Technology, Media, and Telecom (TMT), Banking &amp;amp; Financial Services (BFSI), and Healthcare driving recovery. However, retail demand is expected to remain subdued for the next few quarters. Out of seven brokerages covering the stock, five have issued a ‘buy’ rating, with two recommending a ‘hold.’. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages bump up Bajaj Finance target price on strong Q2, predict up to 41% upside potential [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bajaj Finance’s robust September quarter results ignited investor enthusiasm, propelling its shares 6 percent higher and securing the top spot on the Nifty 50 charts. Brokerages have responded positively, revising target prices upward with some projecting a potential upside of up to 41 percent from the day's high. Strong tech initiatives, comfortable capital position, and attractive valuations are some of the re-rating drivers going ahead, said analysts. Phillip Capital reiterated a 'buy' call on Bajaj Finance and put out target price at Rs 10,000 per share. The firm expressed confidence in Bajaj Finance’s growth trajectory, projecting over 30 percent annual growth in FY25, FY26, and FY27. Analysts are particularly upbeat about the company's new tech initiatives, which they believe will enhance customer loyalty and accelerate growth. HDFC Securities also maintained a bullish outlook, setting a target price of Rs 8,600 per share. While acknowledging near-term concerns around asset quality, the brokerage expects Bajaj Finance to achieve a 23 percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in assets under management (AUM) over the medium term. The addition of new business segments, coupled with a steady focus on profitability, positions the lender for sustained momentum. ALSO READ: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 7905: Anand Rathi Jefferies joined the bullish chorus, assigning a 'buy' rating with a target of Rs 8,400 per share. The firm highlighted that valuations remain attractive, with Bajaj Finance trading at 3.8x FY26 price-to-book (PB) ratio and 20x price-to-earnings (PE) ratio—levels it considers reasonable for the growth potential on offer. Bajaj Finance reported a mixed bag of results for Q2FY25. While loan book growth surged 29 percent year-over-year, and operational efficiency improved, elevated credit costs dampened some of the optimism. Asset quality showed signs of strain, with higher forward flow rates across several segments, prompting the management to increase FY25 credit cost guidance by 20-30 basis points. In response to the asset quality challenges, the management has shifted its focus towards tightening risk controls. However, the company reassured investors that borrowing costs are likely to have peaked, hinting at stable margins in the coming quarters. Bajaj Finance is also optimistic about delivering 26-28 percent growth in FY25, driven by newly launched secured lending businesses. Additionally, the lender expects a 10-15 basis point expansion in net interest margins (NIM) during the second half of FY25, aided by a 15-20 basis point reduction in the cost of funds.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RITES stock edges higher on securing Rs 454-crore turnkey contract in Karnataka [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of RITES gained on October 23 after the engineering firm announced that its previously awarded project management consultancy (PMC) contract from the Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation (KMERC) has been converted into a turnkey contract. A turnkey contract is a contract where a contractor is responsible for the entire project, from design to construction, and the client can use the project as soon as it's finished. &quot;..we are pleased to inform you that the order received from Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation for the construction of Railway PFTs at Dharmapura and Susheel Nagar in Ballari District under CEPMIZ for KMERC, was earlier awarded on a Project Management Consultancy (PMC) basis has now been converted into a turnkey basis,&quot; said RITES in a stock exchange filing. The project, valued at Rs 453.99 crore (excluding GST), involves the construction of two railway private freight terminals (PFTs) at Dharmapura and Susheel Nagar in Ballari District under the Comprehensive Environment Plan for Mining Impact Zone (CEPMIZ) for KMERC. It includes the project management consultancy fee and is expected to be completed within 30 months from the date of signing the agreement or the handover of the construction site. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Earlier this month, RITES said it had received a letter of award for the supply, commissioning and one-year onsite warranty of an overhaul in-service Cape Gauge 3100 HP, diesel-electric locomotive. The company has received this order from Tsiko Africa Logistics (Pty) Limited. The broad consideration for the order is $4.28 million (Rs 35.87 crore). The order has to be executed within six months with a one-year warranty, the company informed the bourses. In September, the PSU emerged as the lowest bidder for a tender floated by the Uttar Pradesh State Bridge Corporation. The bid value was around Rs 60.03 crore, exclusive of taxes. As part of the deal, RITES will offer consultancy services for the construction of civil works (CSC) for supervision, monitoring, quality control and work zone safety. At 12:03 pm, RITES shares were trading a percent higher at Rs 294.80 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 17 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 26 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 7905: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Bajaj Finance Healthy, 29% y/y, AUM growth, was offset by high, Rs19.1bn, provisions leading to Bajaj Finance’s muted 13% y/y consol PAT growth. Despite premium valuations, we retain a Buy, on the best-in-class execution skill, robust customer franchisees and strong tech architecture. We lower estimates on higher credit-cost assumptions. At our higher TP, the stock would trade at 4.4x FY26e consol BV (4.6x earlier). Outlook At our 12-mth higher TP, the stock would trade at 4.4x FY26e consol BV and 23x FY26e EPS. It has traded at higher valuations in the past. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Finance; target of Rs 360: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Mahindra Finance Driven by the surge in credit cost (Q2: Rs7.0bn vs our estimate of Rs5.0bn and Q1: Rs4.5bn), MMFS reported weaker profitability in Q2FY25, with PAT at Rs3.7bn logging significantly below our estimate of Rs5.0bn. The rise in credit cost reflects the inherent seasonality in MMFS’s business owing to the agrarian and rural self-employed customer segment. Notwithstanding the credit-cost surge in Q2, management appears confident about asset quality and credit-cost normalization in H2 led by recoveries and ECL Model refresh-driven reversal of provisions. Overall, we continue to believe that the strategic path chosen by MMFS is the right one, but execution will be crucial and performance improvement gradual (Read our earlier note: Upgrade to BUY). Outlook In addition to the gradual RoA expansion to 2.2%, the beginning of the rate-cut cycle, the rebound in tractor sales, the seasonal improvement in asset quality, the absence of MFI and unsecured PL exposure, and the palatable valuation in the near term make MMFS attractive; reiterate BUY with Sep-25E TP of Rs360. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Firstsource Solutions rises 10% on deal to build language model for U.S mortgage business [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Firstsource Solutions jumped 10 percent to Rs 344 in the morning trade on October 23 after the company announced plans to build a domain-centric large language model (LLM) specifically for the U.S. mortgage sector. This move, under its Firstsource relAI suite, aims to leverage its expertise in the mortgage process, enhancing services with AI-driven capabilities like credit assessments, loan quality checks, and document digitization. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The LLM shortens the time for pre-qualification and formal loan applications, offering a smooth, digital end-to-end experience for loan processing. It combines the ease of self-service with the personalized support of a loan officer, ensuring efficiency throughout. Equipped with features such as classification, extraction, recommendations, and summarization, the LLM will assist in credit assessments, loan quality checks, mortgage document digitization, risk assessment, and more. It will also enhance loan receivables management and automate processes while accelerating the creation of AI co-pilots and agentic workflows. &quot;Generative AI is transforming both our business and our clients’ operations and the mortgage is a critical domain for us, and we are uniquely positioned to capture the opportunity with the interplay of domain knowledge and technology,&quot; Ritesh Idnani, Managing Director &amp;amp; Chief Executive Officer at Firstsource, said. A global business process services partner, Firstsource Solutions offers solutions across the customer lifecycle in industries such as Healthcare, Banking and Financial Services, Communications, Media, and Technology. The company has a presence in the US, UK, India, Mexico, Australia, South Africa, and the Philippines. At about 11:36 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 340, higher by 8.6 percent from the last close on the NSE. Firstsource Solutions shares have had a stellar year, rising 84 percent since the beginning of 2024.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 8800: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Finance Driven by sustained elevated credit costs (Q2 gross credit cost-to-AUF: 2.16%; Q1: 2.12%), Bajaj Finance (BAF) reported a slight miss on profitability with consolidated PAT of Rs40bn coming slightly lower than consensus/our estimates. The elevated credit cost in H1 led to the management revising FY25 credit-cost guidance to 2.05% from 1.85% earlier; however, management seeing credit cost peaking in H1 is the silver lining. To reflect the Q2 developments and management commentary, we have adjusted our FY25-27 estimates, which leads to a ~4% cut in earnings. BAF shares have materially underperformed the NIFTY index in the last 12 months, and after the listing of Bajaj Housing, standalone BAF shares are trading at FY26E P/B of 3.7x. Outlook Given the ~4% RoA and &amp;gt;20% RoE along with the &amp;gt;20% earnings growth still intact, we reiterate BUY on the stock, and revise down Sep-25E TP to Rs8,800 (vs Rs9,300 earlier), implying consolidated FY26E P/BV of 4.8x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finserv; target of Rs 2150: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Finserv After media reports indicated that Allianz Group might be looking to exit its 23- year old India Insurance JVs (BALIC and BAGIC) with the Bajaj Group, BJFIN in its exchange filing confirmed that Allianz has communicated to the company its intent of exiting the Indian Insurance Joint Ventures. Allianz's exit from the JVs has been speculated several times since 2016, when Allianz was unable to exercise the option to increase its stake in the JVs to 49% at a pre-determined, formula-based price as per the 2001 agreement with Bajaj, owing to the RBI regulations and unwillingness of the Bajaj Group. At this juncture, this exit does not affect the operations or strategy of BALIC and BAGIC, and will not have any material bearings on BJFIN. If Allianz chooses to exit via IPO or roping in of any strategic investor, then that could lead to price discovery of the insurance entities. Outlook If BJFIN buys this stake from Allianz then: 1. the impact on BJFIN share price could be a function of transaction price; 2. This purchase of stake by BJFIN will require capital raise to pay Allianz in cash or Allianz getting shares of BJFIN. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ambuja Cement; target of Rs 756 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Ambuja Cement Ambuja Cement (ACEM) has entered into a share purchase agreement for acquisition of 46.8% stake in Orient Cement Ltd (ORCMT) at an equity value of Rs81bn, which works out at an EV of USD121/t for current operational capacity of 8.5mtpa along with 5.6mtpa clinker. Incorporated in 1982, ORCMT has capacities located at Telangana, Karnataka and Maharashtra. ORCMT has statutory clearance to increase the clinker capacity by ~6mtpa and cement capacity by 8.1mtpa. This expansion can be expected to get completed in 12- 18 months post approval of the deal. As these expansions are planned at existing locations with available land, assuming lower capex of USD80/t, entire deal works out at an EV of USD101/t. The deal will give ACEM access to highquality limestone reserves at no premium and improve its plant network in fast growing Southern states. ORCMT is already operating at ~70% utilization over the last 5 years, and with the help of ACEM’s existing clinker network, it can easily cross 85%. Outlook We have not yet incorporated ORCMT into ACEM estimates; however, with proforma P&amp;amp;L, ACEM FY26E EBITDA gets upgraded by ~8% with ~5mt volumes and TP can see ~Rs46 hike. The stock trades at an EV of 11.4x/10.2x FY26E/27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Buy’ with TP of Rs 756. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Jubilant Ingrevia; target of Rs 696 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Jubilant Ingrevia Jubilant Ingrevia (JUBLINGR IN) witnessed modest 2% sequential growth in revenue, while margins improved by 120bps sequentially, led by Pharmaceutical segment, which experienced volume growth, along with prices increase for a few products. Agrochemical is expected to see gradual demand recovery, with global inventory destocking largely over. During the quarter, both volumes and prices for niacinamide increased. Specialty Chemicals saw 13% YoY growth driven by rising volumes of pyridine derivatives. Nutrition segment saw 12% YoY improvement in revenue, while acetyl segment, which contributes 41% to overall revenue, declined by 10% YoY due to lower demand coming from the paracetamol end-use segment and lower prices. The company has been adding capacities across segments and has signed two CDMO contracts during the quarter, but we believe the agrochemical side of the business will continue to face challenges and revival is unlikely till Q4FY25. Further, net debt/equity is expected to increase as cash flow generated is not expected to sustain capex. Outlook The stock is trading at 43x FY26E EPS. We maintain our ‘HOLD’ rating on the stock with SOTP-based target price of Rs 696, valuing it on FY26/FY27. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Persistent Systems; target of Rs 5810 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Persistent Systems PSYS reported strong growth in Q2FY25, with revenue of US$345 million, up 5.1% QoQ in CC and 5.3% QoQ in USD terms, exceeding our estimate of 2.9% QoQ CC growth and consensus estimate of 3.9% QoQ USD growth. BFS and Healthcare segments drove growth despite ongoing weakness in Hitech sector. EBIT margin remained flat QoQ at 14%, vs our expectation of 70 bps decline and cons. est. of 30 bps QoQ decline. PSYS achieved its highest-ever TCV win of US$529 mn (previous high was US$521 mn in Q3FY24), with net new wins of US$390 mn. Additionally, ACV stood at US$348 mn, up 10.3% YoY, with net new wins of US$219 mn. The growth momentum continued in Q2 aided by continued ramp ups within Healthcare/Life vertical, which further got supported by strong momentum in BFSI. The critical and resilience aspects of the industries, and the nature of engagement with product and platform companies, are enabling it to participate in the non-discretionary areas. Outlook We estimate USD revenues/earnings CAGR of 18%/22% over FY24-FY27E. The stock is currently trading at 38x FY27E, we are assigning P/E of 43x to FY27E with a target price of INR 5,810. We maintain ACCUMULATE. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Supreme Industries; target of Rs 5700: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Supreme Industries Q2FY2025 earnings performance lagged estimates led by sharp volatility in PVC prices, weak infrastructure demand and extended monsoons. However, adjusted OPMs beat estimates. The management lowered overall volume growth guidance to 14-15% y-o-y and plastic piping volume growth to 16-18% y-o-y for FY2025. Consolidated OPM guidance marginally lowered to 14.5-15.25%. Stabilisation of PVC prices at lower levels, expected pick-up in infrastructure, housing and agriculture demand is expected to result in strong H2 performance. Outlook We retain a Buy on Supreme Industries Limited (SIL) with a revised PT of Rs. 5,700, lowering our valuation multiple. Stock price correction of over 15% in past few days provide buying opportunity. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: NMDC shares rise 5% after second price hike for Lump Ore and Fines in October [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of state-owned NMDC or National Mineral Development Corporation were buzzing in trade, rising 5 percent to Rs 225 on October 23 after the company announced a price increase for its Lump Ore and Fines, a second price hike by the company in October. NMDC raised the price of Lump Ore by Rs 600, bringing it to Rs 6,350 per tonne, while the price of Fines went up by Rs 400 to Rs 5,410 per tonne, the company stated in a regulatory filing on October 22. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates These latest hikes push NMDC’s prices for Lump Ore and Fines to their highest since May. Interestingly, NMDC’s price adjustments come at a time when global iron ore prices are trending downward. The commodity has slipped by 11 percent, currently trading at SG$101, down from the recent high of SG$114 on October 8. Earlier in October, NMDC had raised the price of Lump Ore to Rs 5,750 per tonne, and Fines to Rs 5,010 per tonne. In the first quarter, NMDC posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 1,970.8 crore for the June period, marking a 19 percent rise from Rs 1,652.2 crore in the same period last year, driven by improved realisations. The company’s performance benefited from robust demand for iron ore, a key raw material for steelmaking, as the government boosts infrastructure investments. On a sequential basis, NMDC’s net profit surged by nearly 40 percent. The company operates four iron ore mines located across Chhattisgarh and Karnataka. At about 10:40 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 223.5, higher by 4 percent from the last close on the NSE. NMDC shares haven't had the best year after gaining just 6 percent since the start of 2024.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company; target of Rs 920: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Strong growth continued across its proprietary and banca channel which resulted in APE growth of ~21% / y-o-y in Q2FY25 although APE growth lagged estimates. VNB margins fell by 590 bps y-o-y, stood at 23.4% vs estimates of 25% mainly driven by adverse product mix and change in yield curve that resulted in a marginal reduction in pricing in non-par and annuity segment. Management reiterated that the impact of the change in surrender value regulation will not be material on margins in H2FY25 as it would be mitigated by restructuring commission and also they have comparatively lower share of non-linked business (~18%). Outlook We maintain a Buy rating with an unchanged PT of Rs. 920. Stock trades at 2.2/1.9x/1.7x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E EVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Union Bank of India; target of Rs 142: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Union Bank of India Strong non-interest income (treasury and recovery) counterbalanced lower margins (due to penal charges reclassification), resulting in Union Bank of India’s decent operating performance and better RoA. Slippages increased on account of one large corporate NPA. Ahead, we expect slippages to ease as most of the stress has been recognised. With stress from the legacy book recognised, the focus now shifts to profitability. Outlook We expect the bank to deliver a sustainable, ~1%, RoA in the medium term. We retain our Buy rating, with a 12-mth TP of Rs142, 0.8x P/ABV on the FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Persistent Systems stock zooms 10% as Street cheers Q2 net profit, revenue growth; brokerages bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Persistent Systems jumped as much as 10 percent on October 23 after the mid-tier IT services company reported impressive earnings for the quarter ending September 2024. The strong financial performance has caught the attention of several brokerages, leading to optimistic forecasts and buy recommendations. Prabhudas Lilladher noted that Persistent Systems' unique value proposition and focus on regulated sectors have enabled it to remain resilient in a challenging market environment. Investments in building a senior leadership team in key verticals have also boosted client engagement and facilitated the closure of significant strategic deals. However, the brokerage considers the current valuation high, reflecting all positive factors in the stock price. They estimate a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 18 percent in USD revenues and 22 percent in earnings from FY24 to FY27, assigning a price-to-earnings ratio of 43x for FY27, with a target price of Rs 5,810 and an “Accumulate” rating. Persistent Systems on Tuesday reported a 23.4 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 325 crore for Q2FY25. The IT firm’s revenue from operations surged 20.1 percent to Rs 2,897 crore against Rs 2,412 crore in the year-ago period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Nuvama remains positive about Persistent Systems, expecting it to outperform peers due to its strong positioning in digital transformation and its substantial margin levers. They believe the company is well-placed at its current revenue range of approximately $1 billion and that the trajectory for margin expansion is on track. Although the stock is trading at a premium price-to-earnings ratio of 45x for FY26, this valuation is justified by the company’s strong growth profile, which includes a projected 26 percent earnings CAGR from FY24 to FY27, said Nuvama as it retained a 'buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6,350 per share. Persistent's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) rose to Rs 384 crore, and the EBIT margin came in at 14 percent in the September quarter. Nomura has issued a 'neutral' call on the counter, setting a target price of Rs 5,200 per share. The brokerage highlighted the company's resilient growth driven by strong execution and healthy deal wins, with revenue growth surpassing expectations for Q2. They anticipate margin improvement in the second half of FY25, aiming for a long-term increase of 200-300 basis points. Persistent Systems is currently trading at a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.7x based on FY27 earnings projections. Motilal Oswal highlighted Persistent Systems’ impressive year-over-year growth of 20.1 prcent despite a slowdown in key sectors. The growth in both the healthcare and BFSI (banking, financial services, and insurance) verticals demonstrates the company's competitive edge in high-growth markets. The company is positioning itself as a platform-driven business utilizing AI solutions to adapt to shifting market demands. While acknowledging the stock’s high valuation, analysts at MOFSL believe the exceptional earnings growth trajectory indicates further upside potential. They value Persistent Systems at 50x its projected earnings for September 2026, reiterating a 'buy' rating with a target price of Rs 6,300. At 10:12 am, Persistent Systems shares were trading 10 percent higher at Rs 5,674 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 54 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has zoomed 95 percent, nearly doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 842: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM reported 33%/34% YoY growth in revenue/EBITDA during Q2FY25 on account of 82% growth in defense &amp;amp; 20% growth in aerospace. Despite seeing a beat on topline, PAT in Q2FY25 came lower than expected due to higher interest cost. Q2FY25 witnessed higher proportion of execution for a large domestic company in defence segment which led to higher domestic mix as opposed to normal quarters. Though EBITDA margin expanded to 8.1% but higher domestic mix impacted the margins. The PAT for the quarter recorded a growth of 5.5% on YoY basis during the quarter, lower than the EBITDA growth of 34%. The PAT growth number trailed the EBITDA growth due to higher interest cost on account of increased debt. The order book for the company was recorded at INR 19,790 Mn for the quarter and the order book is expected to turn better in the coming quarters given more than $500 Mn weighted order pipeline. We believe the margin is on an improving trajectory and meaningful expansion should be reflected in FY26E while in FY25E the margins should be in double digit/ close to double digit. Outlook Consequently, we have slightly revised our FY26E earnings estimates by -3.5% to INR 19 (Previous INR 20) and maintain our BUY rating on the stock with target price of INR 842 (27.4% upside), valued at a PE of 45x FY26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 12,063: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on UltraTech Cement UltraTech Cement’s earnings for Q2FY25 exceeded our expectations, while revenue aligned with our forecasts. Revenue for Q2FY25 came in at INR 156,347 Mn, down 2.4% YoY (-13.5% QoQ) was largely in line with our estimates. EBITDA stood at INR 20,183 Mn, down 20.9% YoY (-33.6% QoQ), reflected in the EBITDA margin declining to 12.9% (-302bps YoY/ -391bps QoQ). PAT stood at INR 8,200 Mn, down 36.0% YoY (-51.7% QoQ); PAT margin declined to 5.2%, down 276bps YoY (-414bps QoQ). We apply an EV/EBITDA multiple of 20.5x to FY26E EBITDA of INR 175,623 Mn, reflecting our confidence in UTCEM’s expansion plans. The addition of capacities following the approval of Kesoram and India Cement stakes is expected to further strengthen the company’s market positioning. Outlook Given UltraTech’s potential to deliver superior growth in both volume and earnings, we arrive a target price (TP) of INR 12,063 and maintain our &quot;ACCUMULATE&quot; rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Coforge Share Price: Coforge stock zooms 8% on solid Q2 earnings show, steady order book [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Coforge surged over 12 percent to hit an all-time high of Rs 7,632 per share on October 23 after the company's solid Q2 earnings performance bolstered investor sentiment. The company's net profit grew around 9 percent on quarter to Rs 255.20 crore in the September quarter, up from Rs 234.60 crore in the previous quarter. The improved earnings were also aided by the company's recent acquisition of Cigniti Technologies. Revenue also grew 27.5 percent sequentially to Rs 3,062 crore in Q2 as against Rs 2,401 crore in the April-June quarter. Meanwhile, Coforge also reported a total order intake of $516 million in Q2, including three large deals, marking the eleventh consecutive quarter with order intake steady above $300 million. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Coforge's order book, executable over the next 12 months touched $1.3 billion, implying a 40 percent year-on-year surge. Additionally, the company added 13 clients during the quarter. At 09.53 am, shares of Coforge were trading at Rs 7,295.95 on the NSE. However, EBIT margin recorded a sequential decline of 190 basis points, primarily on account of adjustments related to the Cigniti acquisition. Adjusting for that, the organic EBIT margin for the quarter stood at 12.2 percent, down from 13.6 percent in the April-June period. Further, the management of Coforge also rolled out a positive outlook for the coming quarters. further strengthening investor sentiment. “With a 27 percent sequential dollar growth, a 6.3 percent rise in organic business, significant EBITDA expansion, and a robust pipeline of large deals, we expect strong and sustained growth in the upcoming quarters,” Coforge CEO Sudhir Singh stated in an exchange filing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Olectra Greentech stock jumps after Q2 net profit zooms 156%, revenue rises 71% YoY [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Olectra Greentech gained 4 percent on October 23 after the electric vehicles maker reported a 156.4 percent on-year (YoY) jump in net profit at Rs 47.7 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's revenue from operations surged 70.5 percent YoY to Rs 523.7 crore against Rs 307.2 crore in the year-ago period. At the operating level, the EV maker's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) stood at Rs 81.2 crore in the fiscal second quarter over Rs 40.6 crore in the year-ago period. The EBITDA margin stood at 15.5 percent in the reporting quarter against 13.2 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Founded in 2000, Olectra Greentech made a significant move in 2015 by launching electric buses in India. The company has also become the largest manufacturer of silicone rubber and composite insulators used in power transmission and distribution networks in the country. The company has demonstrated noteworthy financial management, as evidenced by its Operating Profit-to-interest ratio, which stands at an impressive 7.25 times—the highest level recorded in the past five quarters. This improvement reflects the company's enhanced ability to handle interest payments effectively. In terms of cash flow, Olectra Greentech achieved its strongest Operating Cash Flow in three years, amounting to Rs 143 crore. This indicates robust revenue generation from its core business activities. Overall, the company has reported solid financial results for Q2FY25, with net sales, PAT, and PBT reaching their peak levels in the last five quarters. Consequently, Olectra Greentech's Earnings per Share (EPS) rose to Rs 5.79, signaling increased profitability and delivering greater returns for its shareholders. At 9:30 am, Olectra Greentech shares were trading 3 percent higher at Rs 1,674.80 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has risen around 21 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the 12 months gone by, the counter has risen around 54 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 22, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The Cotton Association of India has estimated the country's cotton production in 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) at 30.2 million bales (1 bale = 170 kg), down 7.1% on year. The committee, however, said there could be a variation of 5% in the cotton pressings and balance sheet numbers on account of an unpredictable monsoon pattern and other factors influencing the crop, according to the release. Cotton production in the north zone, which comprises Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan, is pegged at 3.6 million bales in the 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) season. Output in the central zone, which includes Gujarat, Maharashtra, and Madhya Pradesh, is seen at 18.9 million bales in 2024-25 against 20.0 million bales the previous year, according to the Cotton Association of India. Production in the south zone comprising Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu is seen at 7.2 million bales against 7.4 million bales during the previous season, and other states will account for the rest of the output. The association has estimated domestic demand in 2024-25 at 31.3 million bales, the same as the previous year. It has pegged exports at 1.8 million bales, against the previous estimate of 2.85 million bales. The cotton body sees 2024-25 closing stock at 2.64 million bales against 3.02 million bales a year ago.The opening stock for the season starting October is estimated at 3.02 million bales against 2.89 million bales a year ago, the association said. The total supply of cotton till the end of the cotton season 2024-25 is estimated at 35.7 mln bales, against 37.2 million bales in the previous season. The association has estimated imports in 2024-25 at 2.5 million bales, up from 1.75 million bales from its previous estimate. Production of groundnut in Gujarat is likely to rise nearly 26% on year to 4.2 million tonnes in 2024-25 (Jul-Jun) even as the acreage under the crop has risen just 0.2% to 1.91 million hectares, according to crop survey by the Solvent Extractors' Association of India. Gujarat is the top producer of the commodity in the country. The significant rise in production will largely be on account of an increased productivity, rising to 2,210 kilogram per hectare from 2,045 kilogram per hectare last year, it said. Across India, groundnut Kharif acreage was reported across nearly 4.9 million hectares as on Sept. 27, compared with 4.37 million hectares last year at the same time, the report said. Owing to scattered showers in certain districts of Gujarat, crops that were sown early have been damaged. During the past three days, several parts of Saurashtra have received heavy showers which may further damage the crop that has been harvested and lying in the field and this is likely to delay the arrivals, according to the report. The mandi prices of good quality groundnut are currently quoted at INR 6,250 per 100 kg, down from the minimum selling price of INR 6,783 per 100 kg. Additionally, soybean acreage in Gujarat increased to 308,000 hectares from 267,000 hectares last year. Farmers' interest in soybean crop has been growing due to low input cost, less labour-dependence and higher mechanisation during harvesting. In view of this, soybean area has also been expanding year on year in Gujarat, the report said. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 851: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM has delivered strong results, largely in line with expectations. The company reported 33% YoY revenue growth, driven by significant increases in the defense sector (up 82%) and the aerospace sector (up 20%). Margins remained steady at 8.1%. While the net order book decreased to ₹19.8 bn, management anticipates a positive shift in the H2FY25, citing a healthy order pipeline and expected finalizations of key deals in the coming quarters. The company also welcomed two new clients: a leading defense public sector unit in India specializing in missile systems and a global oilfield services firm.This expansion is promising for long-term visibility and potential conversions. We maintain a positive outlook on Cyient DLM due to its strong backing from its parent company, solid client relationships, and the addition of new clients. The company boasts a resilient order book, robust order inflows, and specialized skills in high-growth sectors. Additionally, the recent acquisition of a 100% stake in Altek Electronic Inc. will enhance its geographical reach, client base and supply chain synergies, particularly in the medical, healthcare and industrial segments, contributing to incremental growth. Outlook The stock has seen a correction from its peak levels and presents attractive value prospects at reasonable valuations. After reviewing the H1FY25 results, we have adjusted our estimates but continue to recommend buying the stock, maintaining our price target at ₹851. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Paytm stock zooms 11% on NPCI nod to onboard new UPI users; brokerages mixed after Q2 show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Paytm parent One 97 Communications gained over 11 percent on October 23 as the company received a nod from the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) to on-board new UPI users, nearly nine months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) placed an embargo on the addition of new customers. In a letter to founder and chief executive officer (CEO) Vijay Shekhar Sharma, NPCI chief Dilip Asbe approved and permitted the fintech to begin new user onboarding. The nod to on-board new users may lead to an increase in UPI transaction volumes for the company. This follows the company's announcement on October 21 that it recorded a net profit of ₹930 crore in Q2FY25, a significant turnaround from a net loss of Rs 290 crore in the same period last year. However, this profit was largely attributed to a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore from the sale of its movie ticketing business to Zomato. Without this, the fintech company would have faced a net loss of Rs 415 crore, exceeding the loss reported in the year-ago period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Jefferies has maintained a 'Hold' rating on Paytm with a target price of Rs 700 per share. The firm highlighted that Paytm's Q2 EBITDA losses have decreased due to a 13 percent QoQ reduction in costs, coupled with a recovering topline. Paytm has also initiated DLG-based lending, which is in line with market practices. Jefferies noted that an accelerated ramp-up in loan disbursals could bring Paytm closer to EBITDA breakeven. Additionally, the risk profile for Paytm has improved significantly following NPCI's approval for Third-Party Application Providers (TPAP). The firm believes the current valuation of 3.1x September 2026 EV/Sales reflects near-term optimism, justifying the 'Hold' call. Bernstein, on the other hand, has given Paytm an 'Outperform' rating, with a target price of Rs 600 per share. According to Bernstein, Paytm's Q2 performance saw positives in GMV growth and merchant loan disbursals. However, the report flagged concerns about a continued decline in Monthly Transacting Users (MTUs) and a sequential drop in personal loan disbursals. Bernstein also acknowledged that Paytm's focus on cost control is evident, as indirect expenses registered a sharp decline. Overall, the international brokerage views the Q2 results as showing clear improvement from the bottom reached in the previous quarter, maintaining optimism for future performance. Also Read | Paytm gets NPCI approval to onboard new UPI users Paytm's revenue for the September quarter declined by 34 percent YoY to Rs 1,660 crore. Sequentially, however, the income increased slightly from Rs 1,501 crore in Q1. The Noida-based firm's net payment margin increased to Rs 465 crore, largely on account of improvement in payment processing margin, better device realization and growth in GMV. Paytm shares ended over 5 percent lower at Rs 684 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 5 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, however, the counter has fallen 26 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: World Street | Tokyo Metro soars on debut, Starbucks slips, Tupperware agrees to takeover [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Japan's metro operator, Tokyo Metro, skyrocketed 45 percent after a stellar market debut. Starbucks suspended its 2025 guidance after sales plunged for a third consecutive quarter. Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, one of the largest in the world, reported third-quarter profit of 835 billion Norwegian kroner ($76.3 billion). Bankrupt brand Tupperware agreed to lender takeover of its business, canceling its plans for an open-market auction of its assets. All this and more in the October 23 edition of World Street. Moving like a tracer bullet Shares of Japanese subway operator Tokyo Metro surged nearly 45 percent following its stellar public listing. The company raised 348.6 billion yen ($2.3 billion), becoming Japan's largest IPO in six years. Priced at the upper end of the 1,100 yen to 1,200 yen range, Tokyo Metro is a major player in Japan's subway industry and the largest operator in Tokyo. Currently, the company is co-owned by Japan's national government (53.4 percent ) and the Tokyo metropolitan government (46.6 percent ). Cold and dry Starbucks Corp. has withdrawn its 2025 guidance after reporting a third consecutive quarter of sales decline, spotlighting challenges for new CEO Brian Niccol. The coffee giant saw same-store sales drop 7 percent in Q4 ending September 29, with US transactions down 10 percent and a 14 percent fall in comparable sales in China. Starbucks noted that pulling its guidance will give Niccol time to evaluate the business and establish a turnaround plan. Bad decisions McDonald’s shares fell 7 percent in extended trading overnight after the CDC linked an E. coli outbreak to the company’s Quarter Pounder burgers, resulting in 10 hospitalizations and one death. The outbreak, reported across 10 states, primarily affected Colorado and Nebraska. McDonald’s responded by removing slivered onions, suspected to be the source, from affected locations and halting their distribution from a single supplier. Happy times General Motors shares soared 10 percent overnight, posting their largest single-day gain since the volatile trading days of March 2020 during the onset of the pandemic. The upmove in the stock came after GM smashed Wall Street’s third-quarter earnings expectations and upped its guidance for 2024. Additionally, GM reaffirmed its commitment to rewarding shareholders with returns, further bolstering market sentiment. Outside of the pandemic, this rally marked GM’s best day since May 2018, according to FactSet. Minting money Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, the Government Pension Fund Global--one of the largest in the world, reported a third-quarter profit of 835 billion Norwegian kroner ($76.3 billion) on Tuesday, fueled by stock market gains linked to falling interest rates. The Government Pension Fund Global's total value reached 18.870 trillion kroner by the end of September. The fund posted a 4.4 percent return for the quarter, slightly underperforming its benchmark index by 0.1 percentage points. The benchmark is based on the FTSE Global All Cap index for equities and Bloomberg Barclays indexes for fixed income. Taking the road mostly taken Tupperware Brands, the bankrupt food storage company, has agreed to sell its business to a group of lenders for $23.5 million in cash and more than $63 million in debt relief. This deal cancels plans for an open-market auction of its assets. The agreement was announced at a bankruptcy court hearing in Delaware, where US Bankruptcy Judge Brendan Shannon said the sale was likely the best outcome considering the company's &quot;difficult and challenging circumstances.&quot; Tupperware filed for bankruptcy last month with $818 million in debt, aiming to find a buyer within 30 days.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Zomato stock earns bullish cheers on stellar Q2 earnings; brokerages bet big on Blinkit [/INST] The full article is as follows: Zomato has served up another sizzling quarter as Q2FY25 revenues surged to Rs 4,800 crore, fueled by explosive growth in Blinkit, Hyperpure and Going Out segments, while Food Delivery continued on its steady path. Though its EBITDA margin remained largely flat due to the company's investments in scaling its infrastructure, brokerages dished out bullish calls as they are betting big on the immense growth potential for the online food giant. Despite the robust Q2 earnings, Zomato shares were trading over 4 percent lower at Rs 245.30 on the NSE at 9:21 am. HSBC has maintained a 'buy' rating on Zomato with a target price of Rs 330 per share as the company's Q2 food delivery numbers met expectations. At the same time, its quick commerce segment outperformed projections. HSBC believes Zomato's recent fundraise will provide the necessary resources for the company to stay aggressive in an increasingly competitive market. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Nomura has also given Zomato a 'buy' rating, setting a target price of Rs 320 per share. Zomato plans to focus on growing its quick commerce operations while aiming to maintain neutral EBITDA in the near term. Zomato on October 22 reported a 389 percent jump in net profit to Rs 176 crore for the quarter ended September 2024. The company's revenue during the same time increased 69 percent YoY as more customers ordered in. However, the company's cash balance has reduced from Rs 14,400 crore in July 2021 to Rs 10,800 crore as of September 30. Analysts at Motilal Oswal said that Zomato’s food delivery business is stable, and Blinkit offers a generational opportunity to participate in the disruption of industries such as retail, grocery and e-commerce. They kept their estimates largely unchanged as the increase in Blinkit gross order value (GOV) as a result of the dark store network expansion is offset by decreased profitability owing to increased capex and investments. The brokerage projects Zomato's PAT margins to improve to 4.7 percent in FY25, 8.6 percent in FY26, and 12.9 percent in FY27. It reiterated a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 330, implying a 28 percent upside from its recent close. Zomato continues to scale its infrastructure and remains on track to achieve its dark store target of 2,000 by December 2026. The new District app is set to be launched within the next four weeks, which according to Emkay Global will consolidate its Going Out services in a single app with the aim of creating the third-large B2C business to emerge out of Zomato. Also Read | Zomato Q2 net profit surges 389% to Rs 176 cr The food aggregator has also announced a fundraise to the tune of up to Rs 8,500 crore, which ensures that it remains on a strong footing in this highly-competitive environment, the brokerage said as it maintained 'buy' call on the stock with target price of Rs 310 per share. &quot;We lower FY25-27E EPS by 17-26 percent factoring in Q2 performance, lower Blinkit margins, and higher ETR assumptions,&quot; it added. Zomato shares ended 3.5 percent lower at Rs 256.55 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 106 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has zoomed 135 percent, more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RailTel Corporation shares gain on order win worth Rs 36.8 cr from South Eastern Railway [/INST] The full article is as follows: RailTel Corporation of India shares gained in the early trade on October 23 after the company has received the work order from South Eastern Railway, valued at approximately Rs 36.78 crore. At 09:20am, Railtel Corporation of India was quoting at Rs 396.55, up Rs 5.45, or 1.39 percent, on the BSE. This contract involves the provision of electronic interlocking systems and signaling arrangements at various cabins in Bondamunda, with a completion deadline set for October 16, 2025. A meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled to be held on October 28, 2024, to consider and approve unaudited financial results for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2024 and to declare interim dividend, if any, for the financial year 2024-25. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company in the quarter ended September (Q2FY25) reported 18.2 percent fall in its net profit to Rs 139.3 crore while revenue rose 31.6 percent to Rs 13,372.4 crore, YoY. Orders won in October The company has received the work order from Kavaratti Smart City for works amounting to Rs 51,40,66,349 (Including Tax). The company has received the work order from Controller General Of Defence Accounts (Cgda) for NOC SOC Solution for CGDA amounting to Rs 21,64,16,156 (Excluding Tax). Also, the company has received the work order from ICDS Commissioner, Maharashtra for other project amounting to Rs 14,20,84,800 (Including Tax).. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Power Grid wins inter-state transmission projects; shares trade lower [/INST] The full article is as follows: Power Grid Corporation of India shares down marginally in the early trade on October 23 despite the company won inter-state transmission project in different states. At 09:21am, Power Grid Corporation of India was quoting at Rs 320.15, down Rs 2.65, or 0.82 percent, on the BSE. The company has been declared as the successful bidder to establish inter-state transmission system for evacuation of power from Rajasthan REZ Ph -IV (Part-3: 6 GW) [Bikaner complex] : Part B on build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) basis. The project comprises establishment of new 765/400kV Siwani sub-station along with STATCOM and other equipment, 765kV D/C Transmission Line traversing in the States of Rajasthan and Haryana, various 400kV D/C Transmission Lines traversing through the state of Haryana along with bays extension works for the above lines at other existing substations in the states of Rajasthan and Haryana. Also, the company received Letter of Intent (LoI) to establish inter-state transmission system for evacuation of power from Rajasthan REZ Ph -IV (Part-3: 6 GW) [Bikaner complex] : Part A on BOOT basis. The project comprises establishment of new 765/400/220kV Bikaner IV Pooling substation along with STATCOM and other equipment, 765kV D/C Transmission Line traversing in the states of Rajasthan and Haryana, various 400kV D/C Transmission Lines traversing through the States of Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana along with bays extension works for the above lines at other existing substations in the State of Haryana and Punjab. Catch all the market action on our live blog The committee of directors for bonds of the company in their meeting approved the raising of bonds as unsecured, non-convertible, bon-cumulative, redeemable, taxable,POWERGRID Bonds - LXXIX (79th) issue upto Rs 5,000 crore on private placement basis. Last week, the company acquired project-specific SPVs Jam Khambhaliya Transmission Ltd (JKTL) and South Olpad Transmission Ltd (SOTL) through a tariff-based competitive bidding process from bid process coordinator PFC Consulting Ltd (PFCCL).. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a flat start on October 23, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,545, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Extended selling in the broader markets, poor global cues and weak sectoral performance weighed on the Indian benchmark indices on October 22, dragging the Nifty below 24,500. At close, the Sensex was down 930.55 points or 1.15 percent at 80,220.72, and the Nifty was down 309.00 points or 1.25 percent at 24,472.10. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading marginally higher, indicating a flat opening for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,545 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Gain) Asian indices were trading mostly higher, with investors awaiting the trading debut of Japan’s subway operator, Tokyo Metro. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.34 -4.50 5.63 Nikkei 0.15 -3.65 8.01 Hang Seng Taiwan -0.60 4.15 25.77 Kospi 0.15 -5.44 -8.69 US Equities (Mixed) US stocks ended little changed on Tuesday, but the Nasdaq eked out a modest gain while investors kept an eye on Treasuries yields and awaited more earnings to assess the health of American companies. In a choppy session, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 6.71 points, or 0.02%, to 42,924.89, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 2.78 points, or 0.05%, to 5,851.20 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 33.12 points, or 0.18%, to 18,573.13. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.02 1.74 15.08 S&amp;amp;P500 0.05 1.87 23.93 Nasdaq -0.18 2.45 25.02 US Bond Yield (Up) The US 10-year Treasury yield rose 19 bps at 4.21 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield added 26 bps at 4.04 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.21 3.74 4.85 US 2-Year Treasury 4.04 3.58 5.04 Dollar Index (Flat) The US dollar rose to a fresh 2-1/2-month high, continuing its recent ascent on expectations the Federal Reserve will temper its interest rate cut path, while investors positioned ahead of an apparently tight U.S. presidential election. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.14 100.85 105.53 Asian currencies (Weak) Asian currencies were mostly trading lower in the early trade on Wednesday. On a month-to-date basis, Taiwan Dollar down marginally, while other currencies shed between 1-5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.405 -2.31 -1.07 South Korean Won -0.368 -3.57 -6.74 Japanese Yen -0.323 -5.25 -7 Philippines Peso 0.062 -3.24 -4.21 Thai Baht -0.375 -2.04 1.91 Taiwan Dollar -0.187 -0.198 -4.79 China Renminbi -0.041 -1 -0.330 Malaysian Ringgit -0.403 -3.28 5.71 Singapore Dollar -0.114 -2.66 0.190 Crude (Falls) Oil prices edged down on Wednesday after industry data showed U.S. crude inventories had swelled more than expected, while the market kept watch on diplomatic efforts in the Middle East as Israel continued attacks on Gaza and Lebanon. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -0.50 4.71 -0.38 Brent Crude -0.49 5.45 -1.77 Gold (Down) Gold took a breather after surging to a record high, as higher U.S. Treasury yields and dollar offset support from growing uncertainties surrounding the U.S. presidential election and the Middle East war. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold -0.13 4.21 33.08 Silver -0.64 11.11 45.44 LME Commodities (Up) Except Nickel,all other commodities were trading higher in the early trade on Wednesday with Zinc rose 2 percent and Aluminium added 1.5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 1.46 0.84 10.47 Copper 0.25 -2.50 11.98 Nickel -2.33 -6.81 -1.73 Lead 0.61 -1.29 0.02 Zinc 2.02 1.50 18.04 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,978 crore on October 22, while domestic institutional investors purchased equities worth Rs 5869 crore on the same day. 22nd Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,978.61 -71,035.02 -2,13,571.21 DII Net Flows 5,869.06 1,15,151.40 4,20,735.11 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Bajaj Finance, Indus Towers, Paytm, Sonata Software, RITES, Persistent, Olectra Greentech in focus on Wednesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Hindustan Unilever, Bajaj Finserv, SBI Life Insurance Company, Aster DM Healthcare, AU Small Finance Bank, Bajaj Holdings, Birla Corporation, Birlasoft, Godrej Properties, CARE Ratings, Craftsman Automation, Dodla Dairy, Fedbank Financial Services, Fino Payments Bank, Heritage Foods, IIFL Finance, KPIT Technologies, Karnataka Bank, Dr Lal PathLabs, Metro Brands, Navin Fluorine International, Nuvoco Vistas Corporation, Piramal Enterprises, Pidilite Industries, Schaeffler India, Sona BLW Precision Forgings, Syngene International, Thyrocare Technologies, TVS Motor, United Spirits, VIP Industries, Zenotech Laboratories Quarterly Earnings Bajaj Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 13% to Rs 4,014 crore Vs Rs 3,551 crore Net interest income soars 23% to Rs 8,838 crore Vs Rs 7,196 crore Loan losses and provisions rises to Rs 1,909 crore Vs Rs 1,077 crore Pre-provisioning operating profit climbs 25% to Rs 7,307 crore Vs Rs 5,835 crore Gross NPA jumps to 1.06% Vs 0.91% Net NPA rises to 0.46% Vs 0.31% Indus Towers Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 71.7% to Rs 2,223.5 crore Vs Rs 1,294.7 crore Revenue rises 4.7% to Rs 7,465.3 crore Vs Rs 7,132.5 crore EBITDA zooms 42% to Rs 4,907.1 crore Vs Rs 3,455.9 crore Margin expands sharply to 65.7% Vs 48.5% (YoY) CCI approves increase in percentage shareholding of Bharti Airtel in Indus Towers to 50.005% Olectra Greentech Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 156.5% to Rs 47.7 crore Vs Rs 18.6 crore Revenue jumps 70.5% to Rs 523.7 crore Vs Rs 307.2 crore EBITDA spikes 100.4% to Rs 81.2 crore Vs Rs 40.5 crore Margin expands to 15.5% Vs 13.2% Max Financial Services Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 18.2% to Rs 139.3 crore Revenue rises 31.6% to Rs 13,372.4 crore Value of new business grows 23% to Rs 513 crore Total annualized premium equivalent jumps 31% to Rs 2,170 crore ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 2.9% to Rs 251 crore Vs Rs 243.9 crore Net premium income rises 7.3% to Rs 10,754.2 crore Vs Rs 10,022.4 crore Net commission jumps 60.2% to Rs 1,234.9 crore Vs Rs 770.9 crore M&amp;amp;M Financial Services Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit surges 57% to Rs 369 crore Vs Rs 235 crore Net interest income increases 19% to Rs 1,963 crore Vs Rs 1,646 crore Pre-provisioning operating profit grows 27% to Rs 1,196 crore Vs Rs 943 crore Disbursements drops 1% to Rs 13,162 crore Vs Rs 13,315 crore Gross NPA rises to 3.83% Vs 3.56% (QoQ) Net NPA climbs to 1.59% Vs 1.46% Persistent Systems Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit grows 6.1% to Rs Rs 325 crore Vs Rs 306.4 crore Revenue increases 5.8% to Rs 2,897.2 crore Vs Rs 2,737.2 crore EBIT rises 5.8% to Rs 406.2 crore Vs Rs 384 crore EBIT margin remains unchanged at 14% Vs 14% Dollar revenue climbs 5.3% to $345.5 million Vs $328.2 million Constant currency revenue growth at 5.1% Vs 5.6% IIFL Securities Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 90.8% to Rs 205.3 crore Vs Rs 107.6 crore Revenue increases 27.3% to Rs 645.4 crore Vs Rs 507 crore Can Fin Homes Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 33.5% to Rs 211 crore Vs Rs 158 crore Net interest income rises 7.3% to Rs 340 crore Vs Rs 317 crore Gross NPA falls to 0.88% Vs 0.91% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.47% Vs 0.49% (QoQ) Shoppers Stop Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 20.6 crore Vs profit at Rs 2.7 crore Revenue grows 7.3% to Rs 1,114.9 crore Vs Rs 1,039.12 crore Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit spikes 69% to Rs 129.2 crore Vs Rs 76.5 crore Revenue jumps 55% to Rs 593 crore Vs Rs 382.7 crore Chennai Petroleum Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 633.7 crore Vs profit of Rs 1,195.4 crore Revenue falls 27% to Rs 12,086.4 crore Vs Rs 16,544.6 crore Cigniti Technologies Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit zooms 403.5% to Rs 52.9 crore Vs Rs 10.5 crore Revenue rises 6.55% to Rs 499.2 crore Vs Rs 468.5 crore Exceptional item at Nil Vs loss Rs 30.05 crore Stocks To Watch One 97 Communications The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) has granted approval to Paytm parent One 97 Communications to onboard new UPI users. Sonata Software Sonata Software has received a contract from a Fortune 500 manufacturer of consumer goods and industrial products. Under the multi-year deal, Sonata will support the manufacturing company's global business growth and its ongoing digital transformation journey. RITES The company has received an order worth Rs 454 crore from the Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation. Earlier, the order for the construction of railway PFTs at Dharmapura and Susheel Nagar in the Ballari district, awarded to the company on a project management consultancy (PMC) basis, has now been converted to a turnkey basis. RailTel Corporation of India The company has received a work order worth Rs 36.8 crore from South Eastern Railway. The work order involves the provision of an electronic interlocking system and signaling arrangements (both indoor and outdoor). Fedbank Financial Services The Board has appointed Parvez Mulla as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company for three years, effective November 11. Aavas Financiers The Competition Commission of India has approved the acquisition of Aavas Financiers by Aquilo House Pte. Dhanlaxmi Bank The Board has approved fundraising of up to Rs 300 crore via equity shares on a rights basis. Firstsource Solutions The RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group company has decided to build a domain-centric Large Language Model for the US mortgage business. Power Grid Corporation of India The company has been declared the successful bidder to establish an inter-state transmission system in Rajasthan. It has received a Letter of Intent for the said project, which comprises the establishment of a new 765/400kV Siwani substation along with STATCOM and other equipment, a 765kV D/C transmission line traversing Rajasthan and Haryana, and various 400kV D/C transmission lines traversing through Haryana, along with bay extension works for the above lines at other existing substations in Rajasthan and Haryana. Bulk Deals Orient Cement Ashika Credit Capital bought a 0.51% stake in the cement company at an average price of Rs 353.23 per share, and Nuvama Multi Asset Strategy Return Fund acquired a 0.91% stake at an average price of Rs 347.94 per share. Block Deals Trent Investor Siddhartha Yog bought a 0.32% stake in the retail company at an average price of Rs 7,465 per share, amounting to Rs 847.16 crore, from Dodona Holdings. SME Listing on October 23 Lakshya Powertech Stock Turns Ex-Dividend Caspian Corporate Services Stock Trades Ex-Date for Bonus Grovy India F&amp;amp;O Ban Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Birlasoft, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Indian Energy Exchange, IndiaMART InterMESH, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, Piramal Enterprises, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade ICICI Bank, Phoenix Mills, Tube Investments of India, Unichem Labs and others on Wednesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The market extended its bearish trend for another session, with the Nifty 50 falling more than one percent to close below 24,500 on October 22. The breadth was strongly in favour of bears, as about 2,308 shares declined compared to 223 shares that advanced on the NSE. The index may see a minor rebound after the significant fall, but overall, the trend remains weak. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Ashish Kyal, CMT, Founder and CEO of Waves Strategy Advisors Tube Investments of India | CMP: Rs 4,486 Tube Investments of India is consolidating in a range of Rs 4,540-4,350 since October 16, indicating accumulation in the stock. In the previous session, prices tested the important support level around Rs 4,350 and bounced back, reflecting increasing bullishness in the underlying. However, the stock still failed to break out above the upper end of the range. A decisive breakout above Rs 4,540 is required for positive momentum to continue. In summary, the current trend for Tube Investments of India is bullish. A breach above Rs 4,540 could lift prices towards Rs 4,735, followed by Rs 4,930, as long as the Rs 4,350 level holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,735, Rs 4,930 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,350 ICICI Bank | CMP: Rs 1,267.5 On the daily chart, ICICI Bank has not closed below its previous day’s low since October 18, suggesting increasing bullishness in the underlying. After reversing from the channel support, prices have gained more than 5 percent, despite the Bank Nifty falling. In the previous session, the stock managed to close above the middle Bollinger band. Follow-up buying is required to confirm that the trend is in favour of the bulls. Additionally, the RSI (Relative Strength Index) is trading at the 55 level, which gives prices the space to trend further. In summary, the current trend for ICICI Bank is positive. A decisive break above Rs 1,285 could lift prices higher towards Rs 1,325, followed by Rs 1,365, as long as the Rs 1,235 level holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,325, Rs 1,365 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,235 Unichem Laboratories | CMP: Rs 855.75 In the previous session, Unichem Laboratories surged by 13 percent in a single trading session. On the daily chart, prices faced support from the baseline (red) of the Ichimoku cloud and bounced back. Currently, almost all indicators are in overbought territory, so one should avoid catching tops and should use dips as a buying opportunity. The current trend for Unichem Laboratories is positive. Use dips towards Rs 835-845 as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 870-880, as long as Rs 795 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 870, Rs 880 Stop-Loss: Rs 795 Om Mehra, Technical Analyst at Samco Securities Phoenix Mills | CMP: Rs 1,584 Phoenix Mills has recently formed a notable Bullish Gartley pattern on the daily chart, suggesting a potential trend reversal near its current levels. The stock touched an intraday high of Rs 1,605 and a low of Rs 1,491, closing at Rs 1,580, reflecting a 0.74 percent gain on Tuesday. This Harmonic pattern, with its key points of retracement and extension, indicates a support zone around Rs 1,550, which could act as a springboard for upward movement. Meanwhile, the RSI remains below 40, signaling that the stock is nearing oversold territory, adding to the possibility of a bounce back. Hence, based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP Rs 1,584. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,720 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,520 Dr Lal PathLabs | CMP: Rs 3,309.9 Dr Lal Pathlabs has been trading in a consolidation phase following a sustained uptrend. A notable ascending trendline provides key support near the Rs 3,280 level, making this a critical zone for the stock. The 100-day simple moving average (SMA) at Rs 3,127 highlights a long-term bullish outlook. With the RSI at 44, the stock is nearing oversold territory and might attempt a potential reversal. A decisive break above Rs 3,350 will signal potential upward momentum and heightened buying interest in the near term. Hence, based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP Rs 3,310. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,600 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,170. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks for Samvat 2081: Nirmal Bang bets on Archean Chemical, LTTS, Jyoti Resins, others [/INST] The full article is as follows: Archean Chemicals | Despite a slowdown in bromine, the company but expects growth from bromine derivatives and newly acquired Oren Hydrocarbon. Delayed shipments affected Q1FY25 industrial salt performance, but recovery is expected. Sales from a second-grade SOP pilot plant are projected by Q3. Analysts expect topline growth of ~16% from FY24-27, with a target price of Rs 823/share. Fineotex Chemical | The company is poised for continued growth, with plans to expand capacity by 40K MTPA in two phases by FY25. It raised Rs 343 Cr to support its long-term expansion through organic and inorganic routes. Focused on sustainable products, Fineotex aims to maintain strong financials and healthy return ratios (ROCE 34.3%, ROE 29.9%), driving future growth and profitability. Five Star Business Finance | The company is well-positioned to capture growth in the underserved business loan market with its focus on secured loans to unbanked, self-employed individuals. With an average loan ticket size of Rs 3.5 Lakh, secured by self-occupied residential properties, and a robust 28% AUM CAGR expected over FY24-27E, Five Star has built a resilient model in a difficult segment. The company’s strong RoA (8%) and RoE (19%) for FY25E highlight its profitability potential. Analysts recommend a 'BUY' with a target of Rs 1,165, driven by higher return ratios and stable credit costs. Garware Hi-Tech Films (GHFL) | The company is poised to capture growth in India's expanding premium vehicle market by leveraging its strong network of 650+ OEM dealerships and 120+ channel partners. The increasing demand for premium protective films (PPF) driven by SUV, luxury car, and EV sales, as well as the China-plus-one strategy for shrink film manufacturing, positions GHFL for robust future growth. With ongoing capacity expansion of 300 LSF to meet demand, and a shift to higher-margin, value-added products (89% of revenue in FY24), the company's long-term prospects remain strong. The firm recommends a ‘BUY’ with a price target of Rs 4,848, offering a 20% upside. Jyoti Resins (JRAL) | The company is well-positioned for continued growth with its strong presence across 14 states in India and plans to expand into new regions, including New Delhi and UP. The company aims to further increase its market share by adding branches and distributors, while also enhancing storage capacity to support future growth. The firm's EBITDA margins are expected to normalize due to decreasing raw material costs, JRAL’s growth prospects remain robust, with projected revenue growth of 18% CAGR from FY24-26E. L&amp;amp;T Technology Services (LTTS) | The firm is poised for recovery, maintaining its FY25 growth guidance of 8-10%. The company is focused on digitization demand in the ER&amp;amp;D space and expects strong traction in key verticals. Recent large deals, milestone payments from a $100 million cybersecurity project. Additionally, LTTS is actively exploring inorganic growth opportunities in automotive, hyperscalers, and healthcare sectors. With a net cash position of Rs 1,114 crore and an attractive valuation at a P/E of 32x FY26E earnings, analysts recommended a ‘BUY’ with solid prospects for growth. Macpower CNC Machines | The 8th largest CNC machine manufacturer in India, is set for significant growth, driven by its expanded capacity to 2,000 machines and strong industrial capex. With a booming manufacturing sector and demand for import substitution, the CNC industry is expected to grow at 20% CAGR. Macpower, with its market share of ~1%, is positioned to benefit from this trend, as evidenced by its robust order book of Rs 283 crore (+60% YoY). Analysts project 28% topline and 44% bottom-line growth over FY24-26E and value the stock at Rs 1,800 based on 36x FY26E EPS. REC | The GOI entity, is well-positioned to capitalize on India’s power and infrastructure expansion. With plans to add 360GW of capacity by FY30 and a growing focus on green financing, REC’s AUM is projected to rise to Rs 6 lakh crore by FY25 (+17% YoY) and Rs 10 lakh crore by FY28-29, with renewable projects making up 30% of its portfolio. With NNPAs down to 0.8%, REC is in a strong financial position. The brokerage values the stock at 2.0x Sep 2026 BVPS, setting a target price of Rs 776. Sai Silks Kalamandir (SSKL) | The leading apparel retailer in South India operates 62 stores across 6.53 lakh sq. ft., with diverse formats catering to various market segments. The company is expanding its premium Varamahalakshmi format, which is expected to enhance margins and reduce dependency on lower-margin segments. Despite a 12.3% YoY revenue decline in Q1FY25 due to fewer wedding dates, SSKL maintained gross margins at 41% and anticipates a recovery in Q2FY25. With plans to expand to 8.2 lakh sq. ft. by FY26E, analysts value the stock at an attractive EV/EBITDA of 8.3x FY26E EBITDA, recommending a BUY with a target price of Rs 281 (14x EV/EBITDA on FY26E). Transformers &amp;amp; Rectifiers India Limited (TRIL) | The prominent transformer manufacturer with a capacity of 40,000 MVA, is well-positioned to capitalize on India's surging power demand and the green energy transition. With plans to expand capacity by an additional 15,000 MVA for renewable transformers, TRIL is set to become the largest transformer company in India by December 2024. The company boasts a robust order book of Rs 3,500 Cr (2.7x FY24 revenue) and a pipeline of Rs 17,500 Cr, supported by opportunities in railways, green hydrogen, and data centers. Analysts anticipate TRIL's revenue and profit to grow at CAGRs of 49% and 122%, respectively, over FY24-27E. Valued at 40x FY26 EPS, we set a target price of Rs 1,070, reflecting a premium due to its strong growth potential.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank Q2 preview: NII, profit to rise in single-digits YoY, margins may moderate [/INST] The full article is as follows: IndusInd Bank is set to deliver a modest July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance as rising cost of deposits will outpace yield on advances, said analysts. The private lender will release its Q2 scorecard on October 24, 2024. According to Moneycontrol poll of six brokerage estimates, IndusInd Bank's net interest income is likely to rise by 9 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 5,533 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 5,077 crore in the year-ago period. The lender's profit-after-tax (PAT) is expected to grow by a modest 4 percent YoY to Rs 2,207 crore in Q2FY25 versus 2,181 crore in Q2FY24. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy loan, deposit growth: Motilal Oswal analysts expect IndusInd Bank to deliver healthy loan and deposit growth in the September quarter. Loans are expected to grow by 15 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 3.6 lakh crore in Q2FY25, while deposits are pegged to rise by 14 percent YoY to Rs 4.1 lakh crore. Margin moderation: Prabhudas Lilladher analysts expect margins to contract by 21 basis points (bps) YoY to 4.6 percent in Q2FY25 from 4.8 percent in Q2FY24. The rising cost of deposits outpacing yield on advances is expected to subsequently weigh on margins during the quarter. Worsening asset quality: Prabhudas Lilladher analysts sees IndusInd Bank's asset quality to worsen to 4.6 percent in Q2FY25, as compared to 1.93 percent in the year-ago period. Credit costs are expected to increase by 3 basis points sequentially. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Key monitorable would be outlook on loan growth, pace of cost of funds, and asset quality outlook. In the July-September period, shares of IndusInd Bank slipped 1 percent, underperforming Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Finance sees margin recovery as cost of funds peak, more investment in new business lines [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bajaj Finance delivered mixed results for the July-September quarter but expressed optimism about margin recovery in the coming quarters. During its analyst conference call, the management highlighted that the cost of funds (CoF) has likely peaked, paving the way for margin improvement. “We expect Net Interest Margins (NIMs) to stabilise at current levels, with a gradual shift toward our secured portfolio,” the management noted. They added that lower default rates and recent underwriting actions have provided relief on credit costs. Additionally, a 25-basis-point repo rate cut could further enhance margins by 10-20 bps. The company plans to reinvest margin gains into new business lines, which currently contribute 2-3 percent of Assets Under Management (AUM), while also driving operational efficiency. ALSO READ: Bajaj Finance Q2 net profit rises 13% to Rs 4,000 crore, misses estimates In Q2FY25, Bajaj Finance’s CoF increased by 3 basis points (bps) sequentially to 7.97 percent, indicating a possible plateau. Net Interest Income (NII) surged 23 percent YoY to Rs 8,838 crore, compared to Rs 7,196 crore in Q2FY24. Meanwhile, the AUM grew by 29 percent YoY to Rs 3.7 lakh crore as of September 30, 2024, from Rs 2.9 lakh crore a year earlier. However, elevated loan losses impacted profitability and Return on Assets (ROA). Consolidated net profit rose 13 percent YoY to Rs 4,000 crore, up from Rs 3,551 crore in Q2FY24, but asset quality remained under pressure. As of September 30, 2024, Gross NPA and Net NPA stood at 1.06 percent and 0.46 percent, respectively, compared to 0.91 percent and 0.31 percent a year ago, reflecting some deterioration in asset quality.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hyundai Motor India disappoint investors on debut, shares close 7% down [/INST] The full article is as follows: Hyundai Motor India, the country's second-largest car maker after Maruti Suzuki, disappointed investors on its debut on the bourses, as shares fell more than 7 percent at close on October 22. The stock opened at Rs 1,934, down 1.3 percent from its issue price of Rs 1,960 on the National Stock Exchange. It touched an intraday high of Rs 1,970, and low of Rs 1,807, before closing the first session at Rs 1,819.60, down 7.16 percent. On the BSE, the stock finished at Rs 1,820.4, down 7.12 percent after hitting a day's high of Rs 1,968.8 and low of Rs 1,870.05. In terms of volume, Hyundai Motor India traded with 2.86 crore equity shares on the NSE, and 15.86 lakh shares on the BSE. The Indian unit of the South Korean parent Hyundai Motor Company is valued at Rs 1.47 lakh crore now, against Rs 1.59 lakh crore at the issue price. Also read: India growth story robust, not concerned about near-term pressures in auto industry, says Hyundai's Tarun Garg Hyundai Motor India raised Rs 27,870 crore through the country's biggest-ever initial share sale last week, which was entirely an offer-for-sale of 14.21 crore equity shares by its parent firm. Hence, the entire issue proceeds (excluding IPO expenses) were received by the promoter. The price band for the issue was Rs 1,865-1,960 per share. Post-issue, Hyundai Motor Company holds 82.50 percent stake in its Indian unit and the remaining shareholding of 17.5 percent is owned by public shareholders. Also read: Hyundai IPO, India’s biggest share sale, is also its most expensive Domestic institutional investors hold 5.78 percent shares in the carmaker with HDFC Mutual Fund (1.73 percent) and Life Insurance Corporation of India (1.21 percent) being the largest amongst them, while foreign institutional investors hold 7.36 percent stake. The total shareholding by retail investors stands at 3.86 percent in the company.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Nifty at over 2-month low, Sensex tanks 931 pts amid broad-based sell-off [/INST] The full article is as follows: Extended selling in the broader markets, poor global cues and weak sectoral performance weighed on the Indian benchmark indices on October 22, dragging the Nifty below 24,500. At close, the Sensex was down 930.55 points or 1.15 percent at 80,220.72, and the Nifty was down 309.00 points or 1.25 percent at 24,472.10. Adani Enterprises, M&amp;amp;M, Bharat Electronics, Coal India, Tata Steel were among the top losers on the Nifty, while gainers included ICICI Bank, Nestle India, Infosys. All the sectoral indices ended in the red with auto, capital goods, metal, power, realty, telecom, media and PSU bank down 2-3 percent. BSE Midcap index shed 2.5 percent and Smallcap index declined 3.8 percent. More than 160 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, GFL, IFB Industries, Indigo Paints, Maharashtra Scooters, MCX India, Orient Cement, Pilani Investments, SJS Enterprises, Torrent Power, Unichem Labs, Whirlpool, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 150 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Anupam Rasayan, Aptech, Coffee Day, CSB Bank, Easy Trip Planners, Equitas Bank, HLE Glascoat, IDFC First Bank, IndusInd Bank, ITI, Mishra Dhatu Nigam, MTAR Technologies, PNC Infratech, RBL Bank, Repro India, Satin Credit, Shalimar Paints, Shankara Building, Sheela Foam, Tanla Platforms, Ujjivan Small, Vodafone Idea, Zee Entertainment, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 23 Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap up however as the day progressed selling pressure intensified, and Nifty closed down ~309 points. On the daily charts Nifty has slipped decisively below the 20-week average (24718) which is a sign of weakness. Daily and hourly momentum indicators possess a negative crossover which is a sell signal. Thus, both price and momentum indicator suggest towards weakness. On the downside, we expect the Nifty to drift towards 24000 where there is a high concentration of open interest on the put side implying support. On the upside, 24900 – 25000 shall act as a crucial resistance from short term perspective. Bank Nifty which was holding on till yesterday also broke down and witnessed a sharp selling pressure. We expect weakness to have a rub off effect on the Banking stocks as well. On the downside, support is placed at 51000 below which it can slip towards 50200. On the upside 51800 – 51900 shall act as an immediate hurdle zone. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares: Mayhem continued in the Mid and Smallcap segments which led to a freefall across the board and without any pullback move, the Index compounded its losses throughout the day to end the trade at 24,472.10 with a loss of 309 points. All the sectors ended in the red where PSU Banks and Realty were the major laggards. The weak link of the markets i.e. Mid and Smallcaps tumbled by 2.61% &amp;amp; 3.92% and underperformed the Frontline Index. In the series of lower highs and lower lows, the Index has made another bearish candle, indicating the tightening of the bear's grip. Considering the oversold conditions in the Mid and Smallcap segments, a short-term bounce can be expected in the markets which may push the Index higher but the upside seems to be capped at 24,670, while on the flip side, the Index is close to its support zone of 24,370-24,430.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: 10 stocks that moved the most on October 22 [/INST] The full article is as follows: The Sensex and Nifty extended their losses by nearly 1 percent in the last hours of trade on October 22, with all sectoral indices adding to the pressure. Oil &amp;amp; gas, auto, and metal stocks led the losses in Nifty. Indian markets have been struggling amid a lacklustre earnings season, persistent FII selling, and global market weakness, particularly due to the ongoing Middle East conflict. Hyundai Motor India | CMP Rs 1,815 | Shares of the newly-listed company fell as much as 7 percent on its stock market debut on October 22. The company’s IPO, the largest in India’s history, also experienced significant volatility in its grey market premium (GMP). According to platforms tracking GMP trends, the premium for Hyundai Motor India's shares dropped sharply into negative territory last week. Varun Beverages | CMP Rs 594 | Shares jumped 3 percent from the red after the PepsiCo bottler reported a 22 percent rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs 630 crore in September 2024 quarter. This is the third quarter result of the PepsiCo for the 2024 calendar year. The management credited the company’s growth to the contributions from BevCo, supported by a wider distribution network, greater product reach, and strong demand in key markets. PNC Infratech | CMP Rs 342 | Shares slipped as much as 7 percent and extended losses after the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) disqualified it from participating in tenders for one year, starting October 18. The CBI had initiated an investigation against the company in June and apprehended four of its employees for bribing NHAI officials with Rs 10,000 lakh in exchange for final approval, a no objection certificate (NOC), and the processing of the final bill for NHAI's Jhansi-Khajuraho project. City Union Bank | CMP Rs 168 | Shares surged 12 percent as the private sector lender's earnings for the quarter were above expectations on October 22. International brokerage Investec maintained its buy call, with a price target of Rs 200 per share, indicating a 33 percent upside. The Q2 results were better across all metrics: growth, profitability and asset quality. Nitco | CMP Rs 114 | Shares fell 5 percent after it announced a sale of real estate assets, expansion of share capital, along with a preferential allotment to Authum Investment and a clutch of investors. The shareholder capital has been increased from Rs 230 crore to Rs 500 crore, with the tile maker converting its debt into equity shares as part of the business restructuring. Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers | CMP Rs 1,592 | Shares fell 12 percent as concerns about lofty valuations became more pronounced, growing uncertainties in defense stocks and the broader market prompted a wave of profit booking. This triggered a strong pullback, causing many defence stocks to retreat sharply from their record highs. Mazagon Dock | CMP Rs 4,206 | Once a darling of the market, defense stocks came under selling pressure yet again amid a broader sell-off in the small and mid-cap space. Stocks like Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, one of the top leaders of the defence rally over the past two years—were among the hardest hit, declining by 10 percent. Ambuja Cements | CMP Rs 561 | Shares fell 2 percent after it announced that it will acquire a 46.8 percent stake in Orient Cement Ltd, at an equity value of Rs 8,100 crore. The acquisition will be carried out in two stages: Ambuja Cements will acquire 38 percent from Orient Cement’s promoters and an additional 9 percent from certain public shareholders. However, the shares fell following the announcement. Authum Investment and Infra | CMP Rs 1,655 | Shares nosedived almost 12 percent on the bourses on October 22 after the company reported a disappointing performance in the second quarter of FY25. The non-banking financial company (NBFC) reported a sharp 49.2 percent year-on-year (YoY) drop in consolidated revenue from operations, which stood at Rs 1,092.62 crore for Q2FY25. Sequentially, revenue also declined 22.3 percent from Rs 1,416 crore posted in Q1FY25. Paytm | CMP Rs 684 | The counter fell up to 6 percent after the company reported September quarter results. The Vijay Shekhar Sharma-led firm clocked a net profit of Rs 930 crore in Q2FY25, compared to a net loss of Rs 290.5 crore during the same period last year. However, this turnaround was on account of a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore due to the sale of Paytm's movie ticketing business to Zomato.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock price will be determined by investors, says Tarun Garg on weak Hyundai Motor India listing [/INST] The full article is as follows: Hyundai Motor India's issue attracted strong interest from sovereign funds, insurance companies, and mutual funds. However, the stock price will ultimately be determined by investors, said Tarun Garg, chief operating officer of Hyundai Motor India on the back of a weak stock listing on the bourses. Hyundai Motor India shares made a weak debut on the exchanges on October 22 after listing at 1.32 percent discount at Rs 1,934 against its initial public offer (IPO) price of Rs 1,960 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). At 2:50 pm, the stock was trading 6.83 percent lower at Rs 1,826.2 on the NSE. Garg, in a media interaction, added that the size of the issue reflects the strong interest the company was able to generate from investors. Brokerage firm Emkay Global Financial Services initiated coverage on Hyundai Motor India with a 'reduce' rating citing lack of major launches, higher royalty, and lower treasury income as reasons. All of this put together is expected to restrict earnings per share (EPS) growth moving ahead, said the brokerage firm. While Macquarie has assigned an 'outperform' rating on the stock citing its diverse product portfolio and premium market positioning, which supports a higher P/E multiple compared to competitors. The brokerage firm said that Hyundai Motor India is well-positioned for medium-term growth because of a potential market share growth from upcoming launches. Demand from retail investors for the biggest-ever IPO by issue size was subdued. At the third day, Hyundai Motor India IPO was oversubscribed by 2.37 times. In this, qualified institutional buyer (QIB) subscription was at 6.97 times. The non-institutional investors (NII) witnessed a 60 percent booking, while the retail portion was booked at 50 percent. The Rs 27,870-crore Hyundai IPO is the largest in the country, surpassing LIC's Rs 21,000-crore issue size.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Jana Small Finance Bank crashes 11% on dismal Q2FY25 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Jana Small Finance Bank crashed 11 percent to Rs 454 per share on October 22 after it reported dismal September quarter results. In Q2FY25, the company's net profit dropped 21 percent YoY to Rs 96 crore, as compared to Rs 123 crore in the year-ago period. The bank's total expenditure also grew by 21.3 percent YoY to Rs 1,042 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 859 crore in Q2FY24. On the operational front, the lender's deposits grew 31 percent YoY in Q2FY25, whereas advances rose 17 percent YoY. Its capital adequacy ratio stood at 18.8 percent and liquidity coverage ratio remained strong at 261 percent. ALSO READ: Jana SFB introduces FD for short-term liquidity needs, offers 6.75% interest Jana Small Finance Bank is a small finance bank in India that focuses on providing financial services to underserved and un-banked sections of the population. It aims to cater to low- and middle-income individuals, small businesses, and micro-enterprises. The bank provides personal loans, business loans, and microfinance solutions along with fixed deposits and recurring deposits with attractive interest rates. Since its listing on February 14, 2024, Jana Small Finance Bank shares have gained 38.4 percent, compared to the Sensex's rise of 13 percent during the same period. Only 2 brokerages cover Jana SFB stock, wherein both of them have recommended a 'buy' rating.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate HDFC Bank; target of Rs 1934: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HDFC Bank Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 301,139 Mn, a growth of 10.0% YoY/ 0.9% QoQ. NII was in line with our estimates (-0.6% deviation). Pre-Provision Operating Profits (PPOP) grew 8.9% YoY (+3.4% QoQ) to INR 247,057 Mn, with operating income increasing by 9.2% YoY. PPOP was largely in line with our estimates (+1.7 % deviation). The net profit for Q2FY25 stood at INR 168,210 Mn, and there was a growth of 5.3% YoY (+4.0% QoQ), which was led by operating performance. The bank's strategic focus on expanding its retail credit portfolio, particularly in mortgages, alongside controlled credit costs and low NPAs, positions it well for future growth despite facing near-term challenges like rising deposit costs. Outlook We have assigned an Adj P/B multiple of 2.4x (earlier 2.2x) on the FY26E Adj Book value for the core banking business and subsidiaries value of INR 230 per share, resulting in a target price of INR 1,934 per share (earlier INR 1,860), an upside of 11.9% over the CMP. We have maintained our “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of HDFC Bank Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks | Titagarh Railsystems, Coal India, Bharti Hexacom among SBI Securities' top bets [/INST] The full article is as follows: Coal India | SBI Securities sees an over 20 percent upside potential in Coal India, as it assigned a price target of Rs 593 cor the stock. The brokerage remains impressed with Coal India's ambitious production targets for FY25/FY26, aiming for 838 million tonnes (mnt) and 1 billion tonnes, respectively, after achieving record production/offtake of 773.6 mnt/753.5 mnt in FY24. The company has made strides in infrastructure development through its First Mile Connectivity (FMC) projects, with 72 projects underway to enhance mechanized coal transportation, supported by a capex of Rs 24,750 crore. CIL is also working on cost control by phasing out unviable underground mines, and diversifying into non-coal minerals like graphite, a key material for electric vehicles and energy storage. &quot;At its current valuation, the stock trades at FY25E/FY26E EV/EBITDA multiples of 5.7x/5.2x with a 5.2% dividend yield, providing some downside protection,&quot; SBI Securities said. Macrotech Developers | SBI Securities highlights Lodha as a leading real estate developer with a strong brand and over 95 million sq. ft. delivered. The company has a diversified portfolio across residential, commercial, and warehousing, and is building a growing annuity income pool, targeting Rs 500 crore by FY26. Lodha has reduced its debt significantly, from Rs 23,363 crore in FY19 to Rs 7,680 crore in FY24, supported by strong cash flows. With a pre-sales growth target of 20% CAGR by FY26 and a robust launch pipeline, SBI values the stock at Rs 1,398, while noting risks like project delays and high debt. Bharti Hexacom | SBI Securities highlights Bharti Hexacom's strong presence in Rajasthan and North East telecom circles, serving 28 million customers as of March 2024. The company benefits from a solid infrastructure network, with 25,704 towers and 79,835 mobile broadband stations. Its relationship with Bharti Airtel provides synergies, including access to digital infrastructure and management expertise. Bharti Hexacom's acquisition of 15 MHz spectrum for Rs 1,000 crore strengthens long-term service offerings. With 13.6% revenue growth in 1QFY25 and robust ARPU, the company is expected to see a revenue CAGR of 18.9% through FY26, helping the stock touch Rs 1,747 in the coming year, SBI Securities believes. Key risks include high capex and regulatory challenges. Nippon Life AMC | SBI Securities highlights Nippon Life AMC's strong growth in equity and ETF AUM, which rose to 49.8% and 26.8% in June 2024, alongside a 64% rise in SIP AUM. The company expects double-digit AUM growth at 20%+ CAGR through FY24-26, driven by its retail franchise and low mutual fund penetration in India. Investments in distribution, especially in smaller cities and rural markets, are expected to further boost growth. The firm is also focusing on launching new products and expanding internationally. At current levels, SBI securities sees the stock's valuations as reasonable and anticipates it touch Rs 825 in the coming 12 months. Escorts Kubota | The company boasts a diversified product portfolio, offering tractors ranging from 12 HP to 120 HP, with three manufacturing plants and a capacity of over 1.2 million units annually. It also leads the domestic market for hydraulic mobile cranes. &quot;With a pan-India distribution network of 1,200+ dealers, Escorts Kubota is expanding its presence in Southern and Western markets. Its partnership with Kubota Ltd aims to boost exports, targeting 63 countries, and plans for export-specific products in Europe by 3QFY25,&quot; SBI Securities said. The brokerage also expects a cyclical recovery in the domestic tractor industry in 2HFY25, driven by favorable agricultural conditions. At current levels, the stock trades at a reasonable P/E of 29.6x/25.8x FY25E/FY26E with a projected earnings growth of 16% CAGR over FY24-26E, prompting SBI Securities to assign a price target of Rs 4,408. GSK Pharma | SBI Securities highlights GSK's leadership in the vaccine market, with Boostrix and Infanrix commanding 89% and 50% market share, respectively, as of FY24. Despite an 8% YoY slowdown in 1QFY25, key brands like Havrix and Boostrix posted strong growth, while Shingrix saw a 17% QoQ rise, reaching 7,000 patients monthly. GenMed, contributing 79% of revenue, grew 10%, driven by brands like Augmentin and Calpol. Future growth is expected from oncology brands Zejula and Jemperli. GSK's digital transformation and omnichannel strategy have doubled engagement with healthcare professionals. With plans for double-digit growth, the company aims to maintain EBITDA margins at 28%-29%. Factoring these in, SBI Securities assigned a price target of Rs 3,195 for the stock. Key risks include regulatory changes and rising raw material costs. Chalet Hotels | SBI Securities highlights that Chalet Hotels boasts a diversified asset portfolio encompassing hospitality, commercial space, and residential real estate, with the hospitality segment generating the majority of its revenue. SBI Securities believes CHL's robust pipeline will increase its hospitality keys by approximately 28% and office space by 37% by FY27, supported by a total capex plan of Rs 1,500 crore. Furthermore, the firm notes CHL's healthy financial track record, with a CAGR of 9.6% in revenue and significant improvements in EBITDA margin and debt-equity ratio, reinforcing its operational strength and growth potential. Newgen Software Technologies | SBI Securities highlights that the company is an R&amp;amp;D-focused organization with 32 years of experience in software product development across 17 verticals, primarily in Banking &amp;amp; Financial Services, Insurance, and Government. With 45 patents filed and 24 granted, it operates in a competitive market, with deal sizes ranging from $0.7 to $2 million. SBI Securities believes the strong performance in 2QFY25—where Revenue, EBITDA, and PAT rose 23.2%, 45.1%, and 47.1% YoY—underscores its robust growth across key markets. The brokerage is optimistic about the company’s ambitious target of achieving $500 million (~Rs 4,000 crore) in revenue within the next 3-4 years, projecting a 20-25% CAGR during this period. It has given a price target of Rs 1,475 for the stock. Titagarh Railsystems | SBI Securities emphasises the company's robust outlook in freight rail and passenger rolling stock (PRS), noting that despite a slow start in 1QFY25 due to adverse weather and the election season, management is targeting production of 950-1,000 freight wagons per month for the remainder of FY25. In the PRS segment, SBI Securities projects significant growth in FY26 and FY27, bolstered by Vande Bharat orders, aiming for production of 15-20 cars per month by 3QFY25 and scaling up to 72 cars monthly over the next three years. The current order book stands at Rs 14,117 crore, representing 3.7 times FY24 sales. SBI Securities also views the stock as reasonably valued, underpinned by strong growth potential from increasing demand and favorable policy support, thereby assigning it a price target of Rs 1,510. PG Electroplast | SBI Securities notes strong demand trends in the domestic RAC industry, with a 41% YoY volume growth in 1HCY2024, benefiting companies like PG Electroplast through higher capacity utilization and low inventory levels. The company's successful diversification into air coolers, washing machines, and TVs reduces seasonality impacts. The formation of a joint venture, Goodworth Electronics, enhances TV manufacturing capabilities. Backward integration, covering around 70% of materials, along with the PLI scheme, supports margin stability. With a growing customer base expanding from 12 to 30 brands, the company has reduced customer concentration risks. Further, SBI Securities believes the company's premium valuation is warranted by its high growth potential and expansion plans and sees the stock testing Rs 735 in the near future. Kilburn Engineering | SBI Securities emphasizes that the company stands as a market leader in the industrial dryer sector, leveraging over 40 years of experience and boasting more than 3,000 installations across 15 industries, including chemicals, pharma, oil and gas, and FMCG. The recent acquisition of ME Energy, a specialist in energy-saving heating and cooling systems, further solidifies the company’s market position and broadens its product offerings. SBI Securities notes that the company raised approximately Rs 300 crore through a mix of warrants and a preferential share issue at Rs 425 per share to finance this acquisition and manage its debt. This funding will also support capital expenditures, investments in subsidiaries, and working capital requirements. SBI Securities highlights the company's robust financial outlook, citing a consolidated order book of Rs 371 crore, which gives the brokerage confidence of the stock touching Rs 532 in the coming time. Arvind Fashions | SBI Securities highlights that AFL operates with an asset-light business model, sourcing products from third-party vendors, which allows it to leverage its extensive scale and strong supplier network to negotiate better margins. The company primarily follows the Franchise Owned Franchise Operated (FOFO) model for expansion, requiring minimal capital investment. It further notes that the company's premiumization strategy, focusing on five key brands to achieve Net Sell Values (NSV) exceeding Rs 1,000 crore, in addition to U.S. Polo Assn. has surpassed Rs 2,000 crore NSV. The company aims to increase its retail share from 44% to 50% by FY27 and diversify into adjacent categories such as kidswear, footwear, womenswear, innerwear, and accessories. Buoyed by these growth prospects, SBI Securities assigned a price target of Rs 725 for the stock.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: SBI Life Q2 preview: APE likely to grow 6% YoY led by new policy premiums, margins to slightly dip [/INST] The full article is as follows: SBI Life Insurance Company is set to announce its July-September quarter (Q2FY25) results on October 23. Analysts anticipate the life insurer will post double-digit year-on-year profit growth for the quarter, driven by strong growth in both renewal premiums and new business premiums. According to a Moneycontrol poll of estimates from five brokerages, SBI Life is expected to report a 6 percent year-on-year (YoY) increase in Annualised Premium Equivalent (APE) to Rs 5,553 crore in Q2FY25, up from Rs 5,230 crore in the same period last year. APE, which reflects premiums from various policies on an annualised basis, is a key growth indicator. This robust APE performance is anticipated to boost SBI Life's Value of New Business (VNB)—a measure of the profitability of newly sold policies—by 2 percent YoY, rising to Rs 1,524 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 1,490 crore in Q2FY24. What factors are driving the earnings? New Business Premium: Analysts anticipate steady growth in SBI Life's new business premium income for the September-ended quarter. Axis Securities projects a 43 percent sequential increase and a marginal 0.1 percent year-on-year (YoY) rise in NBP for Q2FY25. NBP represents the premium income generated from new policies issued during a specific period. VNB to aid margins: Motilal Oswal analysts predicted that a consistent VNB growth is expected to aid sequential expansion in margins in the September-ended quarter. The firm pegged VNB margins to expand to 28 percent in Q2FY25 versus 26.8 percent in Q1FY25, but slight contraction is seen from 28.5 percent in Q2FY24. AUM growth: Motilal Oswal analysts pegged SBI Life's AUM to rise by a staggering 25 percent YoY to Rs 4.3 lakh crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 3.4 lakh crore in the year-ago period. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Management commentary on growth, product mix and margins will be key to watch out for. Sluggish growth in the SBI channel has been an area of concern, making the outlook in this area crucial. In the July-September quarter, shares of SBI Life surged over 22 percent, significantly beating benchmark Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Dalmia Bharat; target of Rs 2073 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Dalmia Bharat Dalmia Bharat (DALBHARA) reported weak performance in Q2FY25 led by sharp fall in average realization and higher other costs. Average NSR declined sharp 6% QoQ as cement prices weakened the most in East and South regions (5-7% QoQ) and trade mix declined to 63%. Volumes grew 8.4% YoY as the company continued to supply the central region from its plants in eastern region. Going forward, as cement demand improves in H2, we expect performance to improve aided by better pricing and volumes. As current capacity utilization is below 60%, near-term volume growth is not a concern. The company will continue to supply material to the fast growing central region from its eastern plants through the dealer network created, which may weigh on freight costs. Mgmt reiterated its medium-term target of reaching 75mtpa by FY28E and would announce its capex plan in the next 9 months. Outlook We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 11%/14%/21% over FY24-27E. As we reduce capex assumptions, EPS gets upgraded. At CMP, the stock is trading at 10.4x/9.3x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. We maintain ‘ACCUMULATE’ rating with TP of Rs2,073 valuing at 11x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Ultratech Cement; target of Rs 12,401 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Ultratech Cement Ultratech Cement (UTCEM) reported poor operating performance in Q2FY25. Cement volumes grew just 3% YoY in the quarter affected by severe monsoon and weak demand. EBITDA/t declined 20% YoY on higher maintenance shutdown costs and one-time bonuses to employees. NSR was flat, despite sharp fall in prices across few regions due to its well-balanced portfolio of capacities across regions. Post festivities, as we enter the construction phase, cement demand is expected to improve aided by GoI’s continued thrust on building infrastructure and higher rural housing demand (post good monsoon). As high-cost fuel contracts have come to an end, UTCEM’s power &amp;amp; fuel cost would decline over the next few quarters. With its 16mtpa capacity getting commissioned in FY25E, we expect UTCEM to grow faster than industry once demand recovers. Cost efficiencies are expected to improve for UTCEM over next few years led by increase in green power mix, AFR %, blending ratio, and higher volumes, driving operating leverage. We cut FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 7%/6%/4% incorporating lower volumes and pricing. Outlook We expect UTCEM revenue/ EBITDA/ PAT to deliver CAGR of 13%/20%/23% over FY24-27E. The stock is trading at EV of 16x/13.9x FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ with revised TP of Rs12,401 (earlier Rs13,084) valuing at 17x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy City Union Bank; target of Rs 190 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on City Union Bank CUB saw a strong quarter with beat on loan growth, NIM, core PPoP and asset quality. Healthy loan growth of 4.8% QoQ was led by traditional segments as improved TAT due to technological improvements is driving better credit flow. Efforts to shore up secured retail segments i.e. housing, LAP and co-lending are underway and these segments may contribute 2-3% to loans by FY26. Due to headwinds in unsecured retail, it is not a focused segment. NIM enhanced by 13bps QoQ as bank could negotiate higher rates on certain MCLR loans. Yields may further improve while cost of funds could remain stable. Owing to higher than expected base yields, we raise NIM for FY25/26E by 6/7bps which would be neutralized by increase in provisions since aim is to further the increase PCR. Outlook We maintain multiple at 1.4x but as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV, we raise TP to Rs190 from Rs185. Upgrade to ‘BUY’ from ‘ACCUMULATE’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Larsen and Toubro Finance Holdings; target of Rs 200: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Larsen and Toubro Finance Holdings Net earnings were almost in line due to a better performance by retail segment except MFI, higher other income, lower opex and credit cost. It also kept RoA steady. AUM growth was better than expected levels despite tightening filter for the MFI segment. Home loans, SME finance, consumer loans and LAP performed well and likely to do continue. Overall, it was a challenging quarter for the MFI and rural segments, but management expects recovery and healthy conditions in H2FY25. Annualised credit cost increased due to overleveraging in the MFI segment, regulatory headwinds and other unsecured loans. However, it was below our estimates. GS-3 was slightly higher at 3.19% as of September 30, 2024, from 3.14% as of June 30, 2024. Outlook LTFH continues to progress in the retail segment and likely to improve for the MFI segment from here on. We maintain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 200. At CMP, the stock trades at 1.4x/1.3x its FY2025E/FY2026E BV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Rossari Biotech; target of Rs 1085: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Rossari Biotech With a diversified product portfolio and a strong balance sheet, we believe Rossari Biotech is well positioned to capitalise on emerging opportunities and drive healthy growth in coming years. We expect it is likely to deliver 18%/22%/25% revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGRs over FY25-27 due to swelling demand, capacity expansion and mounting exports. Outlook We expect a consistently better performance aided by capacity expansion, product launches and better margins. We value the stock at 25x FY27e EPS at a TP of Rs1,085. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Hyundai Motor; target of Rs 2345 : Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Hyundai Motor Hyundai Motors India (HMI) holds a diverse portfolio mix that covers almost 87% of India’s passenger vehicle (PV) market. HMI boasts a healthy domestic market share in several fast-growing segments, with 34%/20%/18% share in the mid-size SUVs/compact SUVs/premium compact car segments. HMI is well-aligned with the domestic PV industry trends, as 63% of its mix comes from utility vehicles (UVs). HMI receives extensive support from its parent, Hyundai Motor Company (HMC), in the areas of management, R&amp;amp;D, design, supply chain, et al. HMC’s inherent strengths in emerging mobility domains can be effectively leveraged for the Indian market, which remains one of HMI’s core strengths. HMI has emerged as India's second-largest PV exporter, with significant growth opportunities on the horizon. Following a projected moderation in FY25, we anticipate HMI to report 17% EPS CAGR over FY25-27. We ascribe a slight premium to HMI over Maruti Suzuki (MSIL), given: 1) HMC’s technological prowess in emerging technologies that can be adapted to domestic requirements; 2) superior financial metrics; 3) a relatively premium brand perception; and 4) better alignment with industry trends. Outlook We initiate coverage on HMI with a BUY rating and a TP of INR2,345, premised on 27x Sep’26E earnings (vs. 26x for MSIL). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Zee Entertainment; target of Rs 145: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Zee Entertainment Zee Entertainment’s (Zee) revenue continued the declining trend as 2QFY25 revenue fell 18% YoY (5% miss) on softer advertising revenue (-8% YoY, 1% miss) and lower revenue from other sales and services (-77% YoY on a high base (2QFY24 boosted by Gadar 2 release). However, Zee’s strong control over costs and a further reduction in Zee5 losses led to 18%/15% QoQ jump in EBITDA/adj. PAT (21%/35% beat). The management indicated that advertising revenue saw pick-up in Sep’24, which should continue in 3Q with the onset of the festive season. However, a strong and sustainable pick-up in rural consumption is required to maintain healthy ad revenue momentum beyond 3Q. Outlook we await the outcome of the ongoing litigation for ICC rights with Star before we turn more constructive on Zee. We retain our neutral rating with a TP of INR145. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Wipro; target of Rs 500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Wipro Wipro (WPRO) reported 2QFY25 IT Services revenue of USD2.6b (0.6% QoQ) in constant currency (CC), 60bp above our estimate. It posted an order intake of USD3.6b (+9.6% QoQ), with a large deal TCV of USD1.5b (+30% QoQ). EBIT margin of IT Services was 16.8% (est. 16.0%). EBITDA rose 2.7% QoQ/7.8% YoY to INR46b (est. INR44b). PAT stood at INR32b (+6.8% QoQ/+21.3% YoY), above our est. of INR29b. For 1HFY25, revenue declined 2.3%, whereas EBIT/PAT grew 7.9%/12.8% compared to 1HFY24. WPRO’s has provided muted guidance for 3QFY25, as it expects USD CC revenue performance in the range of -2.0% to 0.0% QoQ. Outlook We have raised our FY25E EPS by ~2% to factor in the margin beat and kept FY26E/FY27E EPS broadly unchanged after its 2Q print. We reiterate our Neutral rating as we view the current valuation as fair. Our TP of INR500 implies 20x Sep’26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1700: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tech Mahindra Tech Mahindra (TECHM) reported 2QFY25 revenue of USD1.6b, up 0.7% QoQ in constant currency (CC) vs. our estimate of 0.2% QoQ CC. The growth was driven by Retail/Technology (up 5.6%/5.7% sequentially). Communication/BFSI also witnessed growth of 2.7%/2.4% QoQ, while Manufacturing declined 4% QoQ. EBIT margin expanded 110bp QoQ at 9.6%, beating our estimates of 9.0%. Adj. PAT stood at INR12.5b (est. INR10b), up 46% QoQ/28% YoY due to operating leverage and higher other income. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 1.1%/13.7%/8.7% vs. 1HFY24. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow by 4%/44%/27% YoY in 2HFY25. Deal TCV was USD603m, up 13% QoQ/ down 6% YoY. Outlook We remain on the sidelines as we feel the current valuation fairly factors in the uncertainties around growth and margin. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock and upgrade our target multiple to 25x Sep’26 EPS. Our TP of INR1,700 implies a 1% upside. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Tata Communications; target of Rs 1790: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tata Communications Tata Communications (TCOM) reported weak results with consolidated EBITDA declining 1% QoQ (5% miss) and margins contracting 60bp QoQ to 19.4%. The reported revenue/EBITDA were boosted by INR865m prior period revenue recognition. Reported data revenue grew 3% QoQ (inline) with a modest 2.5% QoQ growth in core-connectivity and ~4% QoQ growth in digital portfolio, driven by 34% QoQ growth in Incubation. DPS revenue grew modest ~1.5% QoQ. TCOM management indicated that the order book was up 25% YoY in 2Q on account of large deal wins with OTTs and hyper-scalers as well as the highest order booking in five years in international business. The funnel continues to remain robust, though funnel additions have been subdued. Management has maintained its ambition of doubling data revenue by FY27 and bringing EBITDA margins back to 23-25% over the medium term. Outlook We lower our SoTP based TP to INR1,790 (implying a 1% downside) on EBITDA cut and higher net debt. The stock trades at ~20% premium to its LT average EV/EBITDA. We remain Neutral on the stock For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Tata Chemicals; target of Rs 1070: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tata Chemicals TTCH’s 2QFY25 consolidated EBITDA declined 25% YoY, due to lower realizations YoY, higher freight costs and unfavorable operating leverage across geographies, while sequentially it improved by 7.7% on recovery across geographies, except India.As per the management, soda ash prices have bottomed out (also last price cut was in Nov’23 for domestic market by TTCH) and can improve going ahead, with stable demand-supply scenario globally. We maintain our FY25/FY26 EBITDA estimates as we anticipate a steady recovery in the soda ash demand-supply scenario globally. Reiterate our Neutral rating with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,070. Outlook We expect 2HFY25 to witness further recovery in margins, led by healthy volume across geographies and favorable operating leverage. We reiterate our Neutral rating with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,070. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral RBL Bank; target of Rs 220: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on RBL Bank RBL Bank (RBK) reported 2QFY25 PAT of INR2.2b (12% miss, down 24% YoY), dragged down by high provisions. NII grew 9.5% YoY to INR16.2b (3% miss) as NIMs moderated 32bp QoQ to 5.35%. Advances grew at a modest 15.1% YoY/1.4% QoQ, while deposits increased by 6.5% QoQ (up 20.2% YoY). CASA mix improved to 33.6%. Fresh slippages increased to INR10.3b, mainly due to the microfinance and credit card (CC) segments. GNPA/NNPA ratios rose 19bp/5bp QoQ to 2.88%/0.79%. PCR moderated 15bp QoQ to 73%. Outlook We cut our EPS estimates by 20%/4% for FY25/FY26 and estimate FY26 RoA/RoE at 1.0%/10.7%. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR220 (premised on 0.8x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Nestlé India; target of Rs 2400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Nestlé India Nestle India (Nestle) reported weak revenue growth of 1% YoY (est. 6%) in 2QFY25. Last eight-quarter average revenue growth was 10%. Domestic sales grew 1% YoY, impacted by muted demand and higher commodity prices. Beverage, toddlers’ range and milkmaid posted high double-digit growth, while KitKat saw high single-digit growth. Thereby, prepared dishes, parts of the milk products and chocolates would have been the key drag in 2Q. Export revenue increased by 3% YoY. GM was flat YoY at 56.6% (est. 57.0%). GP was up only by 2% YoY. Input prices are seeing inflation, with coffee and cocoa prices remaining elevated. Cereals, grains (MSP-led) and edible oil are also seeing inflationary trends. Prices are stable for milk and packaging. Due to a 6% increase in operating costs, EBITDA margin contracted by 150bp YoY. EBITDA declined 5% YoY to INR11.9b (est. INR13.4b). Lower other income (down 79% YoY) and higher depreciation (9% YoY up) further impacted profitability. Outlook The stock trades at an expensive valuation of 70x/62x FY25E/FY26E EPS. We reiterate our Neutral rating with a TP of INR2,400 (based on 60x P/E Sep’26E). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Mphasis; target of Rs 3400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Mphasis Mphasis (MPHL)’s 2QFY25 revenue was 2.5% QoQ in Constant Currency (CC), which was above our estimate (+2 % QoQ CC). Direct business grew 2.4%/6.2% QoQ/YoY in CC, aided by TMT and BFS. The Total Contract Value (TCV) was down 35% QoQ to USD207m. EBIT margin stood at 15.4%, beating our estimate by 10bp QoQ. PAT came in at INR4.2b (up 4.7% QoQ), led by lower depreciation and employee costs. For 1HFY25, net revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 6.6%/5.1%/5.1% compared to 1HFY24. MPHL targets a sustainable operating (EBIT) margin within the stated band of 14.6%-16%. Outlook We raise our target multiple to 30x Sep’26E EPS. Our TP of INR3,400 implies an 11% upside. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Manappuram Finance; target of Rs 160: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Manappuram Finance The RBI has instructed Asirvad Micro Finance, a subsidiary of Manappuram Finance, to halt the sanctioning and disbursement of loans, effective 21st Oct’24. In addition to Asirvad, the RBI has imposed a similar ban on Arohan Financial Services, DMI Finance, and Navi Finserv. The RBI shared that the decision to ban the lending operations of Asirvad stemmed from major supervisory concerns about its pricing practices, particularly the weighted average lending rate and the interest spread over its cost of funds, which was deemed excessively high and not in compliance with the regulations and the Fair Practices Code issued by the RBI. Outlook We downgrade the stock to Neutral with a revised TP of INR160 (based on 0.8x Sep’26E P/BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 1950: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) posted a standalone PAT of ~INR33.4b (5% miss, 5% YoY growth). Consol. PAT stood at INR50.4b (13% YoY growth) in 2QFY25. NII grew 11.5% YoY to INR70.2b (inline). NIM moderated 11bp QoQ to 4.91%. Other income grew 16% YoY to INR26.8b (11% miss). Total revenue thus grew 12.7% YoY. Advances rose 14.7% YoY/2.5% QoQ to ~INR4t while deposits grew 15.1% YoY/3.1% QoQ. CASA mix improved 20bp QoQ to 43.6%. Fresh slippages were elevated at INR18.7b (INR13.6b in 1QFY25). GNPA/NNPA ratio rose 10bp/8bp QoQ to 1.49%/0.43%. PCR declined 344bp QoQ to 71.4%. KMB entered into an agreement to acquire the personal loan book of Standard Chartered Bank (INR41b) to further fortify its position in the retail credit market. The acquisition is likely to be completed in the next three months, subject to regulatory/other approvals. Outlook We fine-tune our earnings and estimate KMB’s RoA/RoE at 2.2%/13.6% by FY26. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,950 (based on 2.2x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Hindustan Zinc; target of Rs 570: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Hindustan Zinc In 2QFY25, revenue stood at INR83b (+22% YoY/+2% QoQ) against our estimate of INR78b. The YoY growth was driven by better metal and silver volumes and zinc and silver prices, further supported by a strong dollar and marginally offset by lower lead prices. EBITDA stood at INR41b (+31% YoY/+5% QoQ) against our estimate of INR39b. EBITDA margin came in at 50% vs. 48.5% in 1QFY25. Zinc cost of production (COP) for 2QFY25 stood at USD1,071 (INR89,686) per MT (-5% YoY and -3% QoQ). The improvement was due to higher volume and better linkage coal availability, further supported by softened coal and input commodity prices and operational efficiencies. Outlook We maintain our Neutral rating on the stock with a TP of INR570 (premised on 10x EV/EBITDA on FY27 estimates). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Havells India; target of Rs 1830: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Havells India Havells India (HAVL) reported weak 2Q results with 3-5pp margin miss acrosssegments as segmental margins contracted 2-6pp YoY (excluding Lloydwhere loss narrowed YoY). EBITDA at INR3.8b was 25% below our estimate,and OPM stood at 8.3% (vs. estimated 11.7%). Ad spending was 2.9% ofrevenue (vs. 2.2% in 2QFY24), while higher impairments had an impact of65bp on OPM. Profit stood at INR2.7b in 2QFY25, 25% below our estimate. Management has been cautiously optimistic on festive demandimprovement and believes that there has been an improvement in ruraldemand too. Volatilities in RM costs had a higher impact on the margin ofthe cables &amp;amp; wires (C&amp;amp;W) segment and are likely to normalize in 2HFY25.Lower industrial segment demand has hurt growth of switchgear segment. Outlook we reiterate our Neutral rating with a TP of INR1,830 (premised on 55x Sep’26 EPS). Key monitorables would be sustainability/improvement in Lloyd’s margin and the margin trajectory of the switchgear segment. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Axis Bank; target of Rs 1225: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Axis Bank Axis Bank (AXSB) reported 2QFY25 net profit of INR69.2b (up 18% YoY, 4% beat) as tax reversals and treasury gains offset higher provisions. In 1HFY25, earnings grew 11% YoY to INR129b, and we expect 2H earnings to stay flat YoY at INR133b. NII was up 9.5% YoY/flat QoQ at INR134.8b (in line). NIMs moderated 6bp QoQ to 3.99%. Provisioning expenses stood at INR22b (sharply higher than MOFSLe). AXSB made additional contingent provisions of INR5.2b. Loans grew 11.4% YoY (2% QoQ) and deposits rose 13.7% YoY (2.3% QoQ), resulting in a C/D ratio of 92%. Average LCR declined 5% QoQ to 115%. Fresh slippages moderated to INR44.43b (INR47.93b in 1QFY25). Accelerated write-off led to a decline in GNPA by 10bp to 1.54% and flat NNPA at 0.34%. PCR declined to 76.6%.We broadly maintain our earnings estimates and expect FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.7%/15.9%. We had earlier downgraded the stock to Neutral in Jan’24 at INR1,090; we believe that while the current valuation looks comforting after a significant underperformance, the watchful stance on several key metrics (deposit growth, credit cost, LCR &amp;amp; CD ratio) will limit near-term stock performance. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,225 (1.7x FY26E ABV). Outlook We had earlier downgraded the stock in Jan’24 at INR1,090; we now believe that while the current valuation looks comforting after a significant underperformance, the watchful stance on several key metrics (deposit growth, credit cost, LCR &amp;amp; CD ratio) will limit near-term stock performance. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,225 (1.7x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks: PNB Housing Finance, Zomato, Paytm among Systematix's top 10 bets for Samvat 2081 [/INST] The full article is as follows: PNB Housing Finance | It is India's third-largest housing finance company as of FY24, with an AUM of Rs 71,243 Cr and a loan book of Rs 65,358 Cr. It also holds Rs 17,783 crore in deposits. The company aims to grow its retail loan book to over Rs 1 lakh Cr by FY27, targeting a CAGR of 16% from FY24 to FY27. Affordable housing is expected to contribute 14-16%, while the emerging markets segment is projected to account for 22-25%. It plans to open 50 new branches annually, targeting a total of 400 branches by FY26. Analysts value the stock at a P/B multiple of 2.0x on the FY26E book value of Rs 666, resulting in a target upside of 37% of Rs 1,333. Shriram Properties | The leading residential developer in South India remains committed to its growth trajectory, focusing on leveraging its strong operational platform for future profitability. The project pipeline is robust, and with targeted sales volume of 15 msf over the next three years will boost the overall earnings outlook, the company will be well positioned to reap the benefits of the positive industry outlook and attain leadership in the mid-segments, said analysts. • The realtor’s key operating metrics have been robust. Jana Small Finance Bank | The fourth-largest Small Finance Bank in India, is shifting its portfolio towards secured lending while reducing exposure to microlending. The loan book is projected to grow at a CAGR of 19.8% from FY24 to FY27, driven by a 38% increase in affordable housing loans. Deposits are expected to grow at a 20% CAGR. The secured loan portfolio has expanded from 40% in FY21 to 60% in FY24, with a target of 80% by FY27. Projected AUM growth is 19-20%, PAT growth 30-40%, with steady net interest margins and lower NNPA enhancing profit margins. Paytm| The company's sale of its entertainment business to Zomato for Rs 2,000 Cr strengthens its focus on core payment and financial services. The all-cash deal, valued at 6.9x FY24 revenue, bolsters cash reserves, providing flexibility for future investments, including revamping rewards and cashback programs. With a vast merchant network, strong sound-box subscriber base, and minimal fees for users, Paytm maintains a solid market position and sustainable growth potential, despite regulatory challenges. Protean eGov Technologies | The company holding a 64% market share in PAN issuance, benefits from favorable trends like workforce formalization and PAN requirements for financial aid. It also serves as the central recordkeeping agency for India's National Pension System and Atal Pension Yojana, with a 97% market share. With only 6% pension coverage for private sector workers, there is significant growth potential. Protean is expanding into multi-sector Open Digital Ecosystems, such as ONDC, and global markets in Africa and Southeast Asia. The company holds a zero-debt status and a strong cash balance of Rs 700 Cr. GMR Airports Infrastructure Ltd | Th firm operating two of India’s busiest airports (DIAL and GHIAL), reported strong passenger traffic growth of 13% and 19% in FY24 and is expanding into non-aeronautical revenue streams like Duty-Free Services at Delhi Airport. Its partnership with Groupe ADP has improved financial stability, while the merger of key subsidiaries strengthens governance. Ongoing airport expansion and modernization efforts offer significant potential for revenue and profit growth. Lemon Tree Hotels | India’s leading mid-priced hotel chain, benefits from an asset-light model and prime business locations. The recovery in corporate travel and MICE activity, along with ambitious expansion plans, should boost occupancy and ARR. Management projects revenues to exceed Rs 1,250 Cr in FY25, with a long-term ROCE target above 20%. The company aims to be debt-free within four years using free cash flow. NALCO | The low-cost integrated aluminium producer, is expanding both its alumina and smelter capacities. A non-binding MoU with NTPC ensures 1,200 MW of uninterrupted power for its Angul plant expansion. The 1 mtpa brownfield alumina expansion is on track for 2HFY26, with a full ramp-up in FY27. Additionally, NALCO secured a 32-year bauxite mining lease in Odisha, supporting future growth. Zomato | The company has consistently gained market share over Swiggy from FY22 to 1QFY25, driven by its stronger execution. Based on reported gross order value (GOV), Zomato’s market share increased from 54% in FY22 to 58% in 1QFY25. It aims to open 2,000 stores by March 2026, having already launched 113 stores. Management remains confident in maintaining high service quality to attract customers in new markets. Additionally, Blinkit has been steadily expanding its SKU offerings, which has played a key role in driving overall growth. Jash Engineering | With over five decades of expertise, the company leads in sustainable water engineering solutions, aligning with global sustainability trends. As of August 1, 2024, its consolidated order book stands at Rs 939 Cr, with significant contributions from domestic and international markets. The company is expanding manufacturing capabilities and aims to double revenue to over Rs 1,000 Cr by FY28, reflecting strong growth prospects.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Authum Investment shares tank 142% on dismal Q2 show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastucture nosedived over 12 percent to Rs 1,635 on the bourses on October 22 after the company reported a disappointing performance in the second quarter of FY25. The non-banking financial company (NBFC) reported a sharp 49.2 percent year-on-year (YoY) drop in consolidated revenue from operations, which stood at Rs 1,092.62 crore for Q2FY25, compared to Rs 2,151.75 crore in the same period last year. Sequentially, revenue also declined 22.3 percent from Rs 1,416 crore posted in Q1FY25. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Profit after tax, also known as net profit, plunged 56.5 percent on-year to Rs 843 crore, down from Rs 1,940 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal. On a quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) basis, Authum's net profit was down 23.1 percent from Rs 1,097 crore in the previous quarter. Total expenses rose 45 percent year-on-year, reaching Rs 157.24 crore in Q2FY25, up from Rs 107.79 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago. Last week, the company entered into a purchase cum shareholders agreement with India SME Asset Reconstruction Company (ISARC) to buy 79 percent of the expanded share capital of ISARC. The company will purchase 13 crore equity shares, representing 56.5 percent of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 176.8 crore, and 5.235 crore shares, representing 23 percent of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 85.3 crore. In early September, Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure bought 74.9 lakh shares or 1.2 percent stake in GMR Power and Urban Infra. Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure, a Mumbai-based NBFC, focuses on investing in a wide range of financial assets such as equity, debt, real estate, and loan financing. The company also provides structured finance, secured lending, and equity investments in growing companies. Its portfolio includes investments in both listed and unlisted firms, as well as private equity and growth capital injections. At about 12:17 pm, shares of the company were trading at Rs 1,655, down 11.4 percent from the last close on the NSE. Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure shares have rallied 65 percent in the past three months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dalmia Bharat; target of Rs 2200: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Dalmia Bharat In Q2FY2025, Dalmia reported broadly in-line consolidated revenue, led by higher-than-estimated volume growth. Operational profitability miss was led by lower-than-estimated realisations. Management has reduced its volume growth guidance for FY2025 to 9% y-o-y from 12% y-o-y, anticipating lower industry growth rate, while it continues to eye volume growth of 1.5x that of industry growth. Operating cost reduction target of Rs. 150-200/tonne over three years stays intact. Dalmia is actively working on achieving its medium-term capacity target of 75 mtpa by FY2028. The company remains committed to 110-130 mtpa capacity by 2031. Outlook We retain BUY on Dalmia with a revised PT of Rs. 2,200, rolling forward our valuation to H1FY2027E earnings, which partially offsets downward revision in earnings estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 13,000: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on UltraTech Cement Standalone revenue stayed in-line, although volume growth marginally lagged for Q2FY2025. Operational profitability miss was led by operating de-leverage. Management has retained its double-digit volume growth guidance for H2FY2025 along with improvement in profitability. Focus on operational efficiencies over the next three years stays. Capacity expansion plans remain on track to achieve 200mtpa global capacities by FY2027. Acquisition of Kesoram and India cements to conclude by FY2025-end. Outlook We maintain BUY on UltraTech with an unchanged PT of Rs. 13,000, considering its strong growth outlook over the next three years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold City Union Bank; target of Rs 165: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on City Union Bank Earnings grew by a mere 2% y-o-y on the back of higher provisions although operating profits rose ~11% y-o-y. The bank reported higher credit cost at 59 bps of average advances (annualised) vs 34 bps q-o-q and 53 bps y-o-y to shore up the PCR levels (55% vs 53% q-o-q). Asset quality is comfortable as net slippage remained negative for the fifth consecutive quarter as recoveries continued to outpace fresh slippages (1.7% stable q-o-q). GNPA/ NNPA ratio declined sharply by 34 bps/ 25 bps q-o-q. Loan growth is gradually picking up albeit on low base, up 12% y-o-y versus 10% in Q1. Incremental growth remained largely from the traditional core MSME segment and bank is reasonably confident to grow at par with the system growth in H2FY25. Outlook Stock trades at 1.3x/1.1x its FY2025E/FY2026E ABV. We maintain Hold rating with a revised PT of Rs. 165 given sustained healthy growth/ profitability still has a long way to go as new businesses are likely to take time to deliver healthy RoE trajectory. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Defence stocks take a hit amid broader market selloff; Mazagon Dock, GRSE tank 12% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of defence companies, once a darling of the market, came under selling pressure yet again on October 22 amid a broader sell-off in the small and mid-cap space. Stocks like Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers, and Bharat Dynamics—leaders of the defence rally over the past two years—were among the hardest hit, declining by 6-12 percent. Others, like Hindustan Aeronautics, Bharat Electronics, Paras Defence, and Astra Microwave, were also floating in losses, down by 3-5 percent. The frenzy surrounding the defence sector in recent years attracted significant inflows, spurred by optimistic growth expectations on the back of the government's push for indigenisation of defence equipment. This relentless buying spree, regardless of entry points, propelled many stocks in the sector to soar over 100 percent in recent times. However, as concerns about lofty valuations became more pronounced, growing uncertainties in the market prompted a wave of profit booking among defence stocks. This triggered a strong pullback, causing many defence stocks to retreat sharply from their record highs. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action While the outlook for defence companies remains solid, it is the stretched valuations—outpacing fundamental performance—that have raised alarms for investors. Despite the recent correction bringing valuations down from exuberant levels, they have yet to reach reasonable standards. Vikas Gupta, CEO and Chief Investment Strategist at OmniScience Capital, asserts that the fundamentals of defence stocks remain exceptionally robust, highlighted by strong revenue, profits, growth visibility, and order books extending 5-10 years. He notes that while a few pure-play defence stocks still present attractive investment opportunities from a valuation standpoint, many others appear to be overvalued. &quot;For defence investors, this requires creativity and a broader understanding of the various dimensions of defence in modern geo-strategy. One might consider investing in other dimensions of defence, such as energy security, rare and strategic materials, logistics and supply chains supporting defence forces, and financial and other support for strategic global locations like ports,&quot; Gupta stated. &quot;By broadening one’s understanding of defence, it’s still possible to gain exposure to the sector in non-traditional ways. However, the portfolio may not look like a typical defence portfolio to those unfamiliar with this approach,&quot; he added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Tata Consumer Products; target of Rs 1136: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tata Consumer Products In Q2FY25 TATACONS’S India Foods, International, and non-branded segments showed healthy performance, while India Beverages faced a weaker quarter. Elevated tea prices prompted staggered price increases in the Indian tea business. Additionally, a price hike for Tata Salt was announced, effective from October 24, to address input cost inflation. The company is gaining momentum in its new ventures, Capital Foods and Organic India. We lower FY25E/FY26E EPS by 11.0%/1.2% due to weaker-than-expected topline growth in the current quarter, rising costs, and weak demand. The company's share price trades at 67.2x/49.3x FY25E/FY26E EPS. Outlook We assign a 55.0x P/E on FY26E EPS of INR 20.6, setting a target price of INR 1,136 (Previously: 1,310), implying an 11.7% upside. Given the positive long-term outlook and lower valuation versus peer Nestle, we maintained our 'ACCUMULATE' rating for Tata Consumer Products Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1801: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tech Mahindra Tech Mahindra’s Q2FY25 revenue met our estimates while earnings surpassed expectations. Revenue stood at INR 133,132 Mn, up 3.5% YoY (+2.4% QoQ). New deal wins stood at USD 603 Mn, down 5.8% YoY (+12.9% QoQ). EBIT stood at INR 12,804 Mn, up 111.1% YoY (+16.2% QoQ), exceeding our expectations by 4.5% due to lower than anticipated other expenses and reduced contracting expenses, resulting in margin expansion by 490bps YoY (+114bps QoQ) to 9.6%. PAT stood at INR 12,501 Mn, up 153.1% YoY (+46.8% QoQ), exceeded expectations driven by better operating performance and higher than anticipated other income, resulting in margin expansion by 555bps YoY (+284bps QoQ) to 9.4%. Outlook We project FY26E EPS of INR 66.7 and assign a P/E multiple of 27.0x, reflecting recent deal wins, margin enhancement initiatives, and a positive outlook for discretionary spending, bolstered by recent interest rate cuts. As a result, we increase our target price to INR 1,801 and retain our “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of Tech Mahindra Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Jio Financial Services; target of Rs 345: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Jio Financial Services Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 2,050 Mn, a growth of 10.2% YoY/ 26.7% QoQ. Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) was INR 3,388 Mn, a decline of 6.0% YoY but grew by 6.9% QoQ, led by higher dividend income. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 31.4% as against 18.9% in Q1FY25 (vs. 18.3% in Q2FY24). The operating expenses saw an increase of 99.3% YoY/ 80.1% QoQ. Profit after Tax (PAT) for Q2FY25 was INR 6,891 Mn, reporting a growth of 3.1% YoY/ 120.4% QoQ. The sequential improvement was led by the low base of Q1FY25 due to seasonal weakness. We anticipate that earnings will continue to be variable until JIOFIN secures all necessary approvals and successfully transitions into the ramp-up phase. Hence, we have maintained our rating at “HOLD”. Outlook We value the NBFC based on its September 30, 2024, book value of INR 215.9 per share. Applying a P/BV multiple of 2.0x, we further discount the value by 20% for the Holdco to arrive at a revised Target Price of INR 345 per share (earlier INR 350). Given the 4.6% upside over CMP, we maintain our “HOLD” rating on the shares of Jio Financial Services Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Paytm Share Price: Paytm stock slips 4% as Rs 930 cr Q2 profit from one-time gain fails to impress investors [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Paytm parent One 97 Communications fell up to 4 percent on October 22 after the company reported September quarter results. The Vijay Shekhar Sharma-led firm clocked a net profit of Rs 930 crore in Q2FY25, compared to a net loss of Rs 290.5 crore during the same period last year. However, this turnaround was on account of a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore due to the sale of Paytm's movie ticketing business to Zomato. &quot;On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements with Zomato Limited for sale of its movie ticketing business and events business housed in the Company as well as its two wholly owned subsidiaries for a total consideration of Rs 2,048 crore which was subject to cash and net-working capital adjustment at closing,&quot; Paytm said in a regulatory filing. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Paytm would have reported a net loss of Rs 415 crore, excluding the one-time gain, which would have been higher than the loss it reported during the same quarter last year. Hence, the stock saw selling in early deals. Paytm's revenue for the quarter declined by 34 percent YoY to Rs 1,660 crore. Sequentially, however, the income increased slightly from Rs 1,501 crore in Q1. The fintech's net payment margin increased 21 percent QoQ to Rs 465 crore, largely on account of improvement in payment processing margin, better device realization and growth in GMV. The company's Financial Services revenue was Rs 376 crore, up 34 percent QoQ, on account of increase in collection bonus in merchant loans due to better asset quality trends, and higher share of merchant loans, Paytm stated in an exchange filing. At 11:06 am, Paytm shares were trading 3.5 percent lower at Rs 700.50 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 8 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, however, the counter has fallen 24 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndiaMart InterMesh; target of Rs 3100: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on IndiaMart InterMesh Despite the unexpectedly weak, ~5.6% y/y, collections growth to Rs3.6bn, IndiaMart’s Q2 revenue rose ~18% y/y, in line with our estimate. The elevated EBITDA margin (38.7%; 27.1% a year ago, 36.1% in Q1 FY25) was largely due to lower outsourced sales cost (~6.2% of revenue vs. ~12.6% a year ago). Management has guided to ~10-15% increase in collections, along with ~34-35% margins in the near term. Outlook We introduce our FY27e earnings and retain a Buy rating at a lower 12-mth TP of Rs3,100 (Rs3,800 earlier), P/E of 30x FY27e EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy City Union Bank; target of Rs 200: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on City Union Bank Better margins and non-interest income drove City Union Bank’s 13% q/q increase in core operating profits. Overall profitability remained strong. Ahead, we expect net slippages to remain negative since most of the stress has been recognised. The focus now shifts to business growth. We expect loan growth to pick up and strong earnings to continue. Outlook We retain a Buy at a higher 12-mth TP of Rs 200, 1.3x P/ABV on its FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Larsen and Toubro Finance; target of Rs 150: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Larsen and Toubro Finance LTF reported a mixed Q2FY25 result with PAT of Rs6.96bn broadly in line with our estimates, whereas it was ~3% above Consensus estimates. However, on the asset quality and credit cost front, the difficulties have started to emerge with: 1. Credit cost (on AuM) jumped by 36bps QoQ to 2.86% and was the highest in 8 quarters; 2. GS3 increased by 5bps QoQ to 3.19%, while NS3 jumped by 17bps QoQ to 0.96%, reflecting ~5ppts QoQ reduction in PCR to 70%; and 3. MFI disbursements declined 5% YoY (first YoY decline in the last 15 quarters). We see the pain in MFI segment in terms of asset quality and credit cost (despite the Rs9.8bn macro-prudential buffer) affecting overall growth and profitability meaningfully over the next few quarters. Outlook We have cut our FY25-27E EPS by 10-13% and downgrade the stock to REDUCE from Add with our revised Sep-25E TP of Rs150 (vs Rs210 earlier), implying FY26E P/ABV of 1.4x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Hyundai Motor India; target of Rs 1750: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Hyundai Motor India HMIL has established a strong franchise in India; however, lack of major launches (key growth driver historically in PVs) over the next 12-18M, muted ~5% capacity CAGR, higher royalty, and lower treasury income are likely to restrict EPS growth. While MSIL (REDUCE) also faces similar near-term growth challenges, we prefer it over HMIL given its catch-up on operational and financial metrics (even on lower SUV mix) with a much diversified product and powertrain mix and a higher growth optionality (potential small-car recovery, aggressive 8% capacity CAGR, 7-seater SUV launch in H2FY26E, and 10 new models by 2030) driving a superior 6%/10% revenue/EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. Outlook We initiate coverage on Hyundai Motor India (HMIL) with REDUCE (TP of Rs1,750, at ~23x core Sep-26E PER, similar to MSIL) amid a lackluster ~5% EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Rossari Biotech; target of Rs 830: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Rossari Biotech Rossari Biotech’s (Rossari) Q2FY25 HPPC revenue growth (+6.2% YoY) was hurt from softer demand and restricted ethylene oxide (EO) capacity. Rossari opted to cater to volumes for exports where realisation was better, and it was developing market. Textile segment revenue was hurt from lower realisation and weak sales in Bangladesh/Egypt. Though Rossari’s gross profit margin improved by 120bps QoQ, EBITDA margin dipped 10bps QoQ to 13.2%; thus, restricting EBITDA growth to just 3.7% YoY. Rossari reiterated its guidance towards revenue growth of 12-13% for FY25 with stable EBITDA margin at 13.2–13.5%. Outlook Rossari believes that EO capacity addition should also help in accelerating revenue growth in H2FY25. We tweak our EPS estimates lower by ~6% each for FY25E/FY26E, and cut our TP to INR 830 (vs. INR 885) on unchanged FY26E P/E multiple of 25x. Downgrade to HOLD (from Add). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 10,555: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on UltraTech Cement UltraTech Cement’s (UTCEM) focus on increasing its capacity/market share and enhancing efficiency remains heartening. However, in Q2FY25, the sectoral pangs of subdued demand and weak prices got the better of the industry leader. EBIDTA at INR 20.2bn slipped 21% YoY/34% QoQ tracking – 1) meek ~3% YoY domestic volume growth (though superior to our industry forecast of it being flat); and 2) weak realisations, down ~3% QoQ. Blended EBITDA/t stood at a multi-quarter low of INR 725, down 24%, both on a YoY and QoQ basis. Outlook Despite assuming recovery (we pencil-in an EBITDA/t of INR 1,051 in H2FY25), the odds of elevated competitive intensity are forcing our hand to chop FY25E/FY26E EBITDA forecast by ~8%/4%. We continue to value the industry leader at 16x FY26E EV/EBITDA and maintain HOLD with a revised TP of INR 10,555 (INR 11,046 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy City Union Bank; target of Rs 190: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on City Union Bank City Union Bank (CUBK) reported better than our expected set of results with Q2FY25 PAT of INR 2.85bn (9% beat; RoA of 1.59%) aided by improved asset/earnings quality. Despite fifth consecutive quarter of net slippages, provisions increased QoQ as the bank improved PCR (to 55%) and reduced net NPA to 1.62%. Loan growth accelerated further to ~12% YoY (up 5% QoQ) driven by traditional products. Despite the launch of new retail products being pushed-out to Q4FY25, management sounded confident on growth converging towards systemic growth by FY25. LDR, at 83%, is comfortable and CET 1 is strong at 21.98%; though reported LCR nosedived to 121% (vs. ~260% QoQ). We also like CUBK’s stance of improving PCR and paring net NPA as the current stress formation seems negligible. Outlook We raise our target multiple to ~1.4x (vs. ~1.3x earlier), broadly in-line with forward RoA. On balance, we upgrade CUBK to BUY (from Add) with a revised target price of INR 190 (vs. INR 180). A key risk is lower loan growth impacting operating leverage. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Picks | Bank of India, NCC, Reliance Industries, SBI among HDFC Securities' top bets [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bank of India | HDFC Securities highlights Bank of India's strong capital adequacy ratio, improved net interest margins (NIMs), and enhanced asset quality, calling its valuation of 0.6 times FY26 adjusted price-to-book value an &quot;attractive entry point.&quot; The brokerage recommends buying the state-run lender within the Rs 96 - 106 price band, with a target price of Rs 132 by the next Diwali. Key risks include a potential deterioration in asset quality in the Agri and SME segments, lower-than-expected resolutions of stressed assets, and the impact of implementing the old pension scheme for employees. Jyothy Labs | HDFC Securities commended Jyothy Labs' evolution from a promoter-driven, southern-focused, single-product company to a professionally managed, multi-product entity with nationwide operations. The brokerage highlighted a better product mix and improved operational efficiencies as key drivers of margin growth. HDFC Securities projects a revenue, EBITDA, and profit CAGR of 12%, 15%, and 17% respectively between FY24 and FY26. It recommends buying the stock within the Rs 480 - 533 range, with a target price of Rs 600 by next Diwali. Key risks include adverse monsoon conditions, prolonged inflation, a decline in household insecticides, rising raw material costs, and heightened competition. NALCO | HDFC Securities believes NALCO is well-positioned to capitalize on strong alumina prices, anticipating a robust aluminum price outlook driven by global supply constraints and recovering demand. The brokerage projects NALCO's revenue, EBITDA, and profit to grow at compounded annual growth rates (CAGR) of 9.7%, 32.8%, and 29.2%, respectively, between FY24 and FY26. It recommends buying the stock within the Rs 198 - 220 range, with a target price of Rs 270 by next Diwali. Key risks include volatility in aluminum and alumina prices, potential regulatory changes, and inflation in raw material costs. Navin Fluorine International | HDFC Securities projects that Navin Fluorine's revenue will grow at a robust 23.5% CAGR, driven by significant growth in the CDMO and Specialty Chemical segments between FY24 and FY27. The brokerage also anticipates a 750 basis points expansion in margins over the next three years, fueled by an improved product mix and scaling up of the Specialty Chemicals business. Management expects margins to approach 25% by the end of the current financial year. This revenue growth and margin enhancement could lead to a net profit CAGR of 35% over the same period. HDFC Securities recommends buying Navin Fluorine within the Rs 3,059 - 3,396 range, targeting Rs 3,948 by next Diwali. Key risks include fluctuations in raw material prices, competition from Chinese firms, business cyclicality, and potential delays in the ramp-up of expansions and CDMO scaling. NCC | HDFC Securities highlights that NCC, a stock in which Rekha Rakesh Jhunjhunwala has a stake, stands to benefit from positive tailwinds due to the government's focus on infrastructure development through various schemes. With an all-time high order book, a ramp-up in execution, and a robust balance sheet, the brokerage anticipates healthy medium-term growth for NCC. It projects a revenue, EBITDA, and profit CAGR of 16%, 21%, and 39.6%, respectively, between FY24 and FY26. HDFC Securities recommends buying the stock within the Rs 273 - 303 range, with a target price of Rs 363 by next Diwali. Key risks include potential cost and time overruns, as well as volatility in raw material prices. PNB Housing Finance | HDFC Securities forecasts an 18% CAGR in PNB Housing's loan book from FY24 to FY26, with Net Interest Income and net profit expected to grow by 16% and 15%, respectively, during the same period. The brokerage anticipates an improvement in Return on Assets, projecting it to reach 2.2% by FY26. HDFC Securities recommends buying the stock within the Rs 893 - 991 range, targeting Rs 1,160 by next Diwali. Key risks include unfavorable regulatory changes, intense competition, lower-than-expected loan growth, and declining net interest margins (NIMs). State Bank of India | HDFC Securities asserts that State Bank of India (SBI), India's largest lender, is well-positioned to sustain growth due to its liquidity surplus and comfortable loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR). However, the brokerage anticipates a compression in SBI's net interest margins (NIMs) between FY24 and FY26, driven by a potential shift in the rate cut cycle in the latter half of the current financial year. HDFC Securities recommends buying SBI within the Rs 733 - 813 range, with a target price of Rs 960 by next Diwali. Key risks include higher-than-expected deterioration in asset quality, unfavorable regulatory changes, and a slowdown in credit growth. Reliance Industries | HDFC Securities recommends buying Reliance Industries stock within the Rs 2,447 - 2,716 range, with a target price of Rs 3,243 by next Diwali. The brokerage expects Jio's Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) to rise to Rs 205 per month by the end of FY25, driven by growth in retail, telecom, and new energy sectors over the next two to three years. Additionally, Reliance aims to double its EBITDA in the next five years, leveraging opportunities in 5G technology. Key risks include an economic slowdown, the capital-intensive nature of the telecom business, lower-than-expected production, and declining natural gas prices. JK Lakshmi Cement | HDFC Securities anticipates a boost in cement demand during the second half of the financial year, and expects JK Lakshmi Cement to deliver strong operational performance, particularly with its ongoing capacity expansion plans. The brokerage forecasts the company's revenue, EBITDA, and net profit to grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.6%, 15.7%, and 13.9% respectively between FY24 and FY26. It suggests buying the stock within the Rs 738 - 819 price range, with a target price of Rs 936 by next Diwali. Key risks include softer-than-expected cement demand and potential delays in the company's capacity expansion. This mirrors the cyclical nature of infrastructure growth in India, where demand often surges post-monsoon, especially as major projects pick up pace. L&amp;amp;T Finance | HDFC Securities projects that L&amp;amp;T Finance, a non-bank lender, may achieve an 18% growth in advances between FY24 and FY26. The brokerage considers the stock's valuations &quot;reasonable,&quot; despite potential asset quality challenges in wholesale lending, which is experiencing a decline in focus. It recommends purchasing the stock within the Rs 153 -170 range, with a target price of Rs 219 by next Diwali. Key risks include stress in microfinance or farm equipment sectors, an increase in the share of retail loans by competitors, and rising borrowing costs.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Housing Finance share price rises 4% on healthy Q2 earnings show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bajaj Housing Finance soared as much as 4 percent in opening trade on October 22 buoyed by the company's healthy earnings performance in the July-September quarter. The non-bank lender's net profit rose 21 percent year-on-year to Rs 545.6 crore for the September quarter, up from Rs 451 crore in the same period last fiscal. Alongside, revenue also grew 26 percent on year to Rs 2,410 crore as compared to Rs 1,911 crore recorded in the year ago period. In the second quarter, the company also reported robust growth in its assets under management (AUM) which rose 26 percent on year. This absolute AUM growth has remained consistent, staying within the same range over the past two quarters. Meanwhile, the company’s gross non-performing assets (NPA) rose to 0.29 percent from 0.24 percent, while net NPA increased to 0.12 percent from 0.09 percent. The provision coverage ratio (PCR) stood at 57.87 percent, down from 60.79 percent a year ago. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The stock has been in the limelight ever since its blockbuster listing on the bourses last month. Bajaj Housing Finance listed at a premium of 136 percent on its market debut, doubling investors’ money. In September 2024, Bajaj Housing Finance's post-IPO performance lifted its market capitalisation to as high as Rs 1.4 lakh crore, making it the most valuable housing finance firm in India. However, since hitting its record high of Rs 188.50 post its market debut, the stock has seen some profit booking and fallen over 15 percent in the past month. At 09.48 am, shares of Bajaj Housing Finance were trading at Rs 139.20 on the NSE, though firmly in the green, but off its day's high of Rs 142.33.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ola Electric shares rise 4% as it resolves 99% customer complaints before deadline [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Ola Electric Mobility were off to a robust start on the bourses, rising over 4 percent to Rs 85.3 on October 22 after it announced that it has resolved nearly 99.1 percent of the 10,644 complaints received from the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA). In a stock exchange filing, the company emphasized its strong complaint resolution system, with CFO Harish Abichandani stating, &quot;Of the 10,644 complaints from the CCPA were resolved to the customer’s complete satisfaction.&quot; Follow our LIVE blog for all the lates market updates The announcement comes just ahead of the CCPA's October 22 deadline. On October 7, the agency issued a show-cause notice to the company, led by Bhavish Aggarwal, asking for an explanation on handling thousands of consumer complaints, giving them 15 days to respond. Ola Electric, India’s leading pure-play electric vehicle manufacturer, began the festive season on a strong footing, solidifying its dominance in the two-wheeler EV market. According to Vahan portal data, the company registered over 15,672 vehicles by October 14, securing a 34 percent market share. The rise in market share is driven by the success of Ola’s S1 scooter lineup and its expanding service network. The company aims to sustain this momentum through the remainder of the festive season, culminating in Diwali. Ola Electric’s S1 portfolio features six models catering to a diverse range of customers. The premium S1 Pro and S1 Air are priced at Rs 1,34,999 and Rs 1,07,499, respectively, while the more affordable S1 X series starts at Rs 74,999.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Mainboard IPOs cross Rs 1 lakh crore fund-raising for only the second time in history [/INST] The full article is as follows: Mainboard initial public offerings (IPOs) have exceeded the mark of Rs 1 lakh crore in fundraising this year and this milestone has been achieved for only the second time in history. Altogether, 70 IPOs have been launched this year— the highest since 2007. Collectively, they have raised over Rs 1.03 lakh crore. In 2007, 100 IPOs were launched, raising Rs 34,179 crore. Earlier, in 2021, 63 companies raised over Rs 1.19 lakh crore through IPOs. With more than two months to go before the year ends and several major IPOs expected such as Swiggy, NSDL, NTPC Green Energy, analysts predicted that this record is likely to be surpassed. Swiggy Ltd, which is expected to launch its IPO in November, is likely to raise around Rs 11,000 crore. Other expected IPOs to make their debut in the capital markets include ACME Solar Holdings Ltd (Rs 3,000 crore), NSDL (Rs 4,500 crore), Asirvad Micro Finance (Rs 1,500 crore), NTPC Green Energy (Rs 10000 crore), One Mobikwik Systems Ltd (Rs 700 crore), Vishal Mega Mart Ltd (Rs 8,000 crore), and SK Finance (Rs 2,200 crore). Nirav Karkera, Head of Research, Fisdom, said, &quot;The primary market pipeline looks robust. We can expect a series of heavyweight IPOs to mark their public market debut over the next couple of quarters. Many in this line-up would feature a common theme of higher OFS [offer for sale] components as private market institutional investors seek an exit through the listing route. Amid an overall conducive fundraising environment, many listed entities may seek to accelerate on fundraising plans via robust QIPs [qualified institutional placements] as well.&quot; Indian capital markets have experienced significant capital influx through IPOs and QIPs since July, with a combined fundraising of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore. Fundraising via IPOs crossed over Rs 65,000 crore in the last three months alone. One of the biggest IPOs was Hyundai Motor Ltd; which raised over Rs 27,000 crore, followed by Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd and Ola Electric Mobility Ltd, which raised over Rs 6,560 crore and Rs 6,145 crore, respectively. During the same period, QIPs have contributed over Rs 50,000 crore to the total fundraising efforts. Analysts suggested that the recent surge in IPO activity and strong gains in certain listings are primarily driven by three key factors. First, high market liquidity has resulted in exaggerated price movements, especially in smaller, less liquid SME (small and medium enterprise) stocks, as investors chase high returns, while often disregarding underlying risks. Second, the fear of missing out (FOMO) on quick profits has fueled continued investment in IPOs. Lastly, increased participation from retail investors has amplified overall interest in these offerings. Currently, there are no signs that this IPO frenzy is slowing down anytime soon. Vaibhav Porwal, Co-founder, Dezerv, is of the opinion that the IPO frenzy might persist in the short term, even though risks like market corrections and regulatory interventions could temper the heightened activity. Investors should exercise caution and focus on fundamentals, he advised. SME IPOs have also witnessed significant fundraising activity. So far, around 215 SME IPOs have been launched, raising a record Rs 7,700 crore. In comparison, 182 firms launched their IPOs last year, raising over Rs 4,686 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sona BLW Precision shares rise 3% on new plant in Haryana's Manesar [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd (Sona Comstar) were off to solid start on the bourses, rising 3 percent to Rs 650 on October 22 after the company announced it has inaugurated a new plant in Manesar, Haryana, dedicated to its driveline business. The facility, located in the Industrial Estate at IMT Manesar, is the company's second plant in the region, and production began on the same day, October 21. The new plant will help meet the rising demand for Sona BLW's driveline products, further enhancing the company’s manufacturing capacity, it said in a regulatory filing. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Sona BLW Precision Forgings posted a 26.7 percent year-on-year rise in net profit, reaching Rs 141.9 crore for the quarter ending June 30, 2024, compared to Rs 112 crore in the same period last year, according to a regulatory filing. The company’s revenue from operations grew 21.8 percent to Rs 891.2 crore, up from Rs 731.4 crore in the year-ago period. At the operating level, EBITDA increased by 23.1 percent to Rs 249.3 crore in the first quarter of FY24, compared to Rs 202.5 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. Last month, the company successfully raised Rs 2,400 crore through a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) of equity shares. Among the key investors, SBI Mutual Fund secured a quarter of Sona BLW’s equity issue, while ICICI Prudential Fund acquired 8.33 percent of the shares. Sona BLW intends to utilise the funds from the QIP to strengthen its capital structure and support both its organic and inorganic growth strategies. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 645, higher by 2 percent from the last close on the NSE. Sona Blw shares have tanked 15 percent in the past month.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Stylam Industries target of Rs 2359: East India Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: East India Securitie's report on Stylam Industries Stylam Industries (Stylam) Q2FY25 results beat our estimates. Revenue at Rs 2,627 mn ‐ increased by 12.3% yoy &amp;amp; 8.3% qoq Sales volume at 3.2 mn sheets ‐ increased by 1.6% yoy &amp;amp; 8.1% qoq Realisation per sheet at Rs 821 ‐ up by 10.5% yoy &amp;amp; 5.9% qoq EBITDA at Rs 544 mn ‐ increased by 15.1% yoy &amp;amp; 29.9% qoq EBITDA margin at 20.7% ‐ up by 51 bps yoy/ 344 bps qoq PAT at Rs 341 mn ‐ increased by 7.5% yoy/ 20.3% qoq PAT margin at 13.0% ‐ down by 58 bps yoy but up by 129 bps qoq. Outlook Stylam is currently trading at P/E of 24.5x on FY26e basis. We have valued the stock based on P/E methodology. We have assigned multiple of 25x (2year forward) on FY26E PAT of Rs. 1,599 mn to arrive at a target price of Rs 2,359 per share, which is potential upside of ~2.25% from current market price and recommend “HOLD” on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 22, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks India's soymeal exports fell 52% on year in September to 51,000 tonnes from 106,000 tonnes a year ago, the Soybean Processors Association of India said in a release Saturday. However, the total exports during 2023-24 (OctSept) rose 16% on year to 2.13 million tonnes, SOPA said. Soybean meal exports during 2022-23 were at 1.84 million tonnes. India exported soymeal to more than 70 countries during 2023-24, of which Bangladesh, Iran, Germany, and Nepal were the major buyers, according to data released by the association. Most of India's most soybean exports during 2023-24 were to Iran at 415,182 tonnes. India exported 302,731 tonnes of soymeal to Bangladesh, 106,434 tonnes to Germany, and 192,951 tonnes to Nepal. In September, production of soymeal fell to 552,000 tonnes from 599,000 tonnes a year ago. The output in Oct-Sept rose to 9.5 million tonnes from 9.2 million tonnes a year ago, the association said. Soybean, a kharif oilseed, is sown in Jun-Jul and harvested in Oct-Nov. Soybean arrivals in spot markets were at 800,000 tonnes in September, up from 400,000 tonnes a year ago. During OctSept, arrivals rose to 12.1 million tonnes from 11.6 million tonnes a year ago.By the year-end and September-end, plants, traders, and farmers were left with around 1.1 million tonnes of soybean stock, down from 1.8 million tonnes a month ago, the association said. The meal stock at the end of 2023-24 and September was 83,000 tonnes, against 141,000 tonnes a month ago. Soymeal is primarily used as poultry and livestock feed. Indian soymeal is non-genetically modified and considered rich in protein. The data is collected from various sources, including government and trade. The numbers, however, are estimates only, the associationsaid. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ultratech Cement Q2 earnings leave analysts divided as demand growth, pricing concerns linger [/INST] The full article is as follows: Ultratech Cement stock has garnered mixed calls from analysts after the company reported a marginal miss on standalone operational performance for Q2FY25 owing to lower-than-expected volume growth and higher other expenses. While subdued demand growth and a weak pricing environment keep brokerage cautious, infra investments gathering pace, and sustained momentum in urban housing are expected to be the growth drivers for H2 along with cost efficiency tailwinds. Morgan Stanley maintained an 'Overweight' rating on Ultratech Cement with a target price of Rs 13,620 per share. Despite Q2 EBITDA coming in below estimates, the company is nearing the end of its earnings downgrade cycle, the brokerage noted. Looking ahead, a pickup in demand and expansion in cement prices are expected to drive earnings growth over the coming years. Additionally, cost-improvement initiatives will contribute to strong earnings compounding in the future, said MS in its note. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action UltraTech Cement's Q2FY25 net profit fell 36 percent on-year to Rs 820 crore as a demand slowdown due to monsoon and project delays hit price realisations. A Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerage estimates pegged UltraTech’s Q2 net profit at Rs 1,062 crore. The cement maker’s revenue from operations fell 2.3 percent YoY to Rs 15,635 crore, slightly better than the poll estimate of Rs 15,579 crore. Nomura remained bullish on Ultratech as it maintained a 'buy' rating on the counter with a target price of Rs 12,350 per share. The firm expects cement maker's margins to improve from Q2 onwards, with EBITDA per tonne likely to expand due to lower power and fuel costs. However, higher-than-expected Q2 employee costs affected EBITDA per tonne performance. UltraTech remains on track to achieve its capacity expansion and cost-reduction targets, the broking firm said. Meanwhile, CLSA has issued a 'Hold' call on Ultratech with a target price of Rs 11,500 per share. Despite the decline in Q2 EBITDA due to multi-quarter low profitability, analysts believe that the quarterly results suggest a better second half, with double-digit industry demand growth likely. Specific cost-saving measures are also expected to improve medium-term profitability. UltraTech’s strong capacity addition pipeline should lead to industry-leading volume growth, although CLSA sees downside risks to consensus expectations. Nuvama remained cautious on Ultratech as well. While on-track completion of capex plans and efficiency focus is heartening, the weak sector fundamentals and risk of earnings downgrade in FY25 are issues of concern, the brokerage said as it maintained a 'hold' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 11,238 per share. Material increases in costs or sharp decreases in cement prices remain the key risks for the firm. On October 21, UltraTech Cement's shares closed 2.1 percent lower at Rs 10,839 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 3 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 30 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Hyundai Motor India, Bajaj Housing Finance, Union Bank, Ola Electric, Epigral, Balu Forge in focus on Tuesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and fund raising, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Bajaj Finance, Zomato, One 97 Communications (Paytm), Indus Towers, Coforge, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra Financial Services, Aditya Birla Real Estate, Adani Energy Solutions, Adani Green Energy, Amber Enterprises India, Chennai Petroleum Corporation, IIFL Securities, ICICI Securities, Jubilant Ingrevia, Max Financial Services, Olectra Greentech, Persistent Systems, Shoppers Stop, SRF, Ugro Capital, Varun Beverages, and Zensar Technologies will announce their quarterly earnings on October 22. Quarterly Earnings Bajaj Housing Finance Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 21% to Rs 546 crore Vs Rs 451 crore Net interest income increases 13% to Rs 713 crore Vs Rs 632 crore Disbursement declines to Rs 12,014 crore Vs Rs 12,154 crore AUM grows 26% to Rs 1.02 lakh crore Vs Rs 81,215 crore Net interest margin drops to 4.1% Vs 4.4% Net interest margin expands to 4.1% Vs 3.9% (QoQ) Jana Small Finance Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit drops 21.1% to Rs 97 crore Vs Rs 123 crore Net interest income increases 13% to Rs 594 crore Vs Rs 526 crore Provisions and contingencies jumps to Rs 210 crore Vs Rs 160 crore Gross NPA rises to 2.97% Vs 2.62% (QoQ) Net NPA remains unchanged at 0.99% (QoQ) Cyient DLM Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 5.5% to Rs 15.5 crore Vs Rs 14.65 crore Revenue jumps 33.4% to Rs 389.5 crore Vs Rs 291.8 crore EBITDA surges 34.4% to Rs 31.6 crore Vs Rs 23.5 crore Margin expands 6 bps to 8.1% Vs 8% Union Bank of India Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 34.4% to Rs 4,720 crore Vs Rs 3,511 crore Net interest income falls 0.9% to Rs 9,047 crore Vs Rs 9,126 crore Gross NPA drops to 4.36% Vs 4.54% (QoQ) Net NPA rises to 0.98% Vs 0.90% (QoQ) Supreme Petrochem Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 15.7% to Rs 90.3 crore Vs Rs 78.05 crore Revenue rises 17.8% to Rs 1,505.6 crore Vs Rs 1,277.7 crore EBITDA jumps 17.9% to Rs 125.2 crore Vs Rs 106.3 crore Margin remains unchanged at 8.3% City Union Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 2% to Rs 285.2 crore Vs Rs 280.6 crore Net interest income grows 8% to Rs 582.5 crore Vs Rs 538.4 crore Net interest margin falls to 3.67% Vs 3.74% Gross NPA declines to 3.54% Vs 3.88% (QoQ) Net NPA drops to 1.62% Vs 1.87% Mahindra Logistics Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss narrows to Rs 10.7 crore Vs loss of Rs 15.9 crore Revenue grows 11.45 to Rs 1,521 crore Vs Rs 1,365 crore EBITDA jumps 22.2% to Rs 66 crore Vs Rs 54 crore Margin expands to 4.3% Vs 4% Bhansali Engineering Polymers Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 3.9% to Rs 46.3 crore Vs Rs 48.2 crore Revenue jumps 16.8% to Rs 366.9 crore Vs Rs 314.2 crore EBITDA declines 7.8% to Rs 53.03 crore Vs Rs 57.5 crore Margin drops sharply to 14.5% Vs 18.3% Rajratan Global Wire Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 2.2% to Rs 19.05 crore Vs Rs 19.48 crore Revenue jumps 14.5% to Rs 245.3 crore Vs Rs 214.3 crore 360 ONE WAM Q2 (YoY) Profit surges 33.4% to Rs 247 crore Vs Rs 185 crore Revenue zooms 37.7% to Rs 589 crore Vs Rs 427 crore Balu Forge Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 107% to Rs 48.1 crore Vs Rs 23.3 crore Revenue jumps 60.1% to Rs 222.9 crore Vs Rs 139.2 crore Authum Investment and Infrastructure Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit plunges 56.6% to Rs 842.8 crore Vs Rs 1,939.8 crore Revenue declines 49.2% to Rs 1,092.7 crore Vs Rs 2,151.8 crore Stocks To Watch Eicher Motors Royal Enfield has commenced operations of its manufacturing unit (Category 2) and flagship showroom in Bangladesh. The company has set up business in collaboration with IFAD Motors in Bangladesh. The new manufacturing facility is Royal Enfield’s sixth assembly unit outside India, following Nepal, Brazil, Thailand, Colombia, and Argentina. Epigral The company has opened its Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP) issue on October 21. The floor price has been fixed at Rs 2,203.29 per share. Lemon Tree Hotels The company has signed a License Agreement for a hotel property with 72 rooms in Kalaburagi, Karnataka. The property will be managed by its subsidiary, Carnation Hotels, and is expected to open in FY27. Sona BLW Precision Forgings The company has inaugurated its new plant in Manesar, Haryana. This is the company's second plant for the driveline business in IMT Manesar. This plant will assist in catering to the growing demand for the company's driveline products. Sunteck Realty Mahesh Sheregar has retired as Chief Executive Officer of International Operations, effective October 21. MAS Financial Services The company has entered into a strategic co-lending partnership with UCO Bank for lending to micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs). Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Bahadur Dastoor has resigned from the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective October 21. Rail Vikas Nigam The company has incorporated its wholly owned subsidiary, 'Company Rail Vikas Nigam' in Saudi Arabia, effective October 18. Ola Electric Mobility Ola Electric has reported that 99.1% of the 10,644 complaints received from the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA) have been resolved. The company has provided the requested information and clarifications in response to the Show Cause Notice from the CCPA. Ola has a robust mechanism in place to address complaints related to its vehicles. Mainboard Listing on October 22 Hyundai Motor India Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend HCL Technologies, Gopal Snacks Stock Trades Ex-Date for Rights DMR Hydroengineering &amp;amp; Infrastructures F&amp;amp;O Ban IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, Piramal Enterprises, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Birlasoft, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade SBI, Bajaj Auto, HDFC Bank, Mazagon Dock, MCX, Hero MotoCorp and others on Tuesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bulls could not maintain control over the market on October 21, as bears pulled the benchmark Nifty 50 down by 73 points to 24,781 after a day of rallying. About 1,968 shares declined, while only 579 shares advanced on the NSE, with a sharp correction in broader markets. The market is expected to remain range-bound with an overall negative bias until it decisively moves back above all key moving averages. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Pravesh Gour, Senior Technical Analyst at Swastika Investmart Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders | CMP: Rs 4,666.5 Mazagon Dock has experienced a breakout of a bullish Inverse Head and Shoulders pattern on the daily chart. This pattern is considered a bullish reversal signal. The breakout occurred with strong volume, which often confirms the pattern's validity. High volume during a breakout indicates increased market participation and interest in the stock, further supporting the bullish outlook. Moving averages are widely followed technical indicators used to identify trends and potential support/resistance levels. Trading above these moving averages is a positive sign, suggesting that the stock's price is in an uptrend supported by buying pressure. On the upside, Rs 4,900 is an immediate resistance area; above this, we can expect a run-up toward Rs 5,000+ levels in the near term. On the downside, Rs 4,400 serves as major support for any correction. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,040 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,400 Multi Commodity Exchange of India | CMP: Rs 6,629 MCX India is exhibiting bullish momentum and forming a Bullish Flag pattern, indicating further upside potential. The previous swing high around Rs 6,680 is an immediate level; above this, we can anticipate reaching the Rs 7,000 level in the near term. On the downside, the previous breakout level of Rs 6,250 is an immediate support level, while Rs 6,000 is a strong demand zone. Momentum indicators are positively poised, supporting the current strength of the trend. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,080 Stop-Loss: Rs 6,250 Godawari Power &amp;amp; Ispat | CMP: Rs 193.6 Godawari Power is bottoming out from lower levels and has found a strong base at the Rs 181 level on the daily chart, accompanied by decent volume. On the higher side, Rs 200 acts as a susceptible level; above this, we can expect a significant move toward Rs 210+ in the shorter timeframe, while on the lower side, Rs 177 serves as important support during any correction. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 214 Stop-Loss: Rs 177 Riyank Arora, Research Analyst at Mehta Equities Bajaj Auto | CMP: Rs 10,501 Bajaj Auto has touched its key support level of Rs 10,000 and formed a strong bullish candle. With the RSI (Relative Strength Index 14) around 36, indicating oversold conditions, it presents a favourable risk-to-reward opportunity for buyers at current levels. A strict stop-loss at Rs 10,200 is recommended, with the potential for the stock to move toward targets of Rs 11,400 and beyond. Additionally, volumes are nearly three times the average of the last 10 days, suggesting strong momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 11,400 Stop-Loss: Rs 10,200 Mahindra and Mahindra | CMP: Rs 2,998 Mahindra and Mahindra has reached its critical support level and formed a bullish candle. With the RSI (14) around 48 and showing a positive uptick from lower levels, it signals an increase in momentum. A strict stop-loss at Rs 2,940 offers a solid risk management setup, while the stock targets Rs 3,080. Volumes are approximately double the average of the last 10 days, highlighting good momentum potential. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,080 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,940 HDFC Bank | CMP: Rs 1,728.7 HDFC Bank has hit its important support level and displayed a strong bullish candle. With the RSI (14) at 59, indicating continued momentum, the stock offers a good buying opportunity. A strict stop-loss should be set at Rs 1,700 to manage risk well, while the potential target is set at Rs 1,775. Volumes are nearly twice the 10-day average, further suggesting strong upward momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,775 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,700 Hero MotoCorp | CMP: Rs 5,242 Hero MotoCorp has touched its significant support level and created a bullish candle. With the RSI (14) around 32, indicating oversold conditions, it presents a good buying opportunity for risk-reward seekers. A strict stop-loss at Rs 5,085 helps manage risk, with the stock potentially reaching targets of Rs 5,500. Volumes are nearly triple the 10-day average, making this stock a strong momentum candidate. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,500 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,085 Jay Thakkar, Vice President &amp;amp; Head of Derivatives and Quant Research at ICICI Securities State Bank of India | CMP: Rs 814 State Bank of India has provided a breakout from a falling trendline and multiple swing resistance, accompanied by a bullish crossover in its MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) on the daily chart, which is quite positive for the stock in the near term. The stock has been an underperformer compared to its peers recently and is likely to catch up with the up move to align with the Bank Nifty. The stock has witnessed Put unwinding from Rs 790 to Rs 820 strikes, which is a negative sign; however, on the Call front, the Rs 820 strike has the highest open interest. If this is taken off, it could lead to a further short covering rally on the upside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 832, Rs 841 Stop-Loss: Rs 808 Cummins India Futures | CMP: Rs 3,582.9 Cummins has been trading with a negative divergence, as its MACD momentum indicator has entered sell mode for the third time now, this time falling below the zero-reference line, indicating further weakening of momentum. The stock has been consolidating within a range for some time, and the formation of lower tops and lower bottoms suggests that the range is likely to break on the downside. From the derivatives front, the stock has seen the highest open interest at the Rs 3,500 strike Put, making this an immediate support level. If this level is broken, we could see increased selling pressure. The stock is currently trading well below its maximum pain and modified maximum pain levels of Rs 3,700 and Rs 3,743. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 3,370, Rs 3,240 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,700 GAIL India Futures | CMP: Rs 218.57 GAIL has clearly broken its bearish parallel channel on the lower side, with a clear sell signal in its MACD on both the daily and weekly charts. There has been a notable negative divergence in the MACD momentum indicator on these charts, indicating a higher probability of downside. From the derivatives perspective, the stock has witnessed heavy Call writing at higher levels from Rs 230 to Rs 250 strikes, indicating clear supply at these levels. Simultaneously, Put unwinding has occurred on the lower side, from Rs 220 to Rs 210 strikes, further confirming that the trend has shifted from up to down. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 210, Rs 200 Stop-Loss: Rs 228. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tata Consumer Products; target of Rs 1320: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tata Consumer Products Tata Consumer Products (TATACONS) reported 8% YoY EBIT growth in2QFY25 on the back of a strong performance in its international brandedbeverage segment (EBIT up 74% YoY) and non-branded business (EBIT up86% YoY). EBIT for India branded business declined 26% YoY due to tea costinflation. Organically (excluding acquisition), India business revenue grew 2% YoY andEBITDA declined 23% YoY in 2QFY25.Going ahead, India business margins are likely to recover as the companyhas increased prices of salt (to mitigate cost inflation) and tea (staggeredprice increases). The growth business will continue to drive revenue, with arebound in the ready-to-drink (RTD) segment.Factoring in 2Q performance, lower interest cost led by repayment of debtand tax benefits from the merger with subsidiaries, we increase our FY25earnings estimates by 6% while maintaining our FY26 earnings estimates.Reiterate BUY with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,320. Outlook We expect TATACONS to clock a CAGR of 10%/13%/19% in revenue/EBITDA/PAT during FY24-26. Reiterate BUY with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,320. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Raymond Lifestyle; target of Rs 3200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Raymond Lifestyle Pure-play Lifestyle company from the House of Raymond: Raymond Lifestyle Limited(RLL), formed as a demerger from Raymond Ltd, has a strong presence in men’s wear(with ~65% share in worsted suiting). RLL’s portfolio includes branded textiles (B2Band B2C) and several apparel brands (such as Park Avenue, ColorPlus, Ethnix byRaymond) that cater to formal, casual and ethnic wear. With a strong brand affinityand wide distribution network, RLL has ~5% share in men’s wedding wear industry. Multiple growth levers at play: We anticipate RLL’s growth will be driven by: 1) fastpaced growth in branded apparels through retail expansion (target to double EBOs);2) capitalizing on opportunities from Bangladesh +1 and China +1 trends in B2Bgarmenting; 3) launch of new categories such as innerwear and sleepwear; 4)increasing focus on casualization and premiumization of portfolio, and 5) achievingsourcing efficiencies through scale, which could enhance operating leverage. Outlook With improved FCF generation, RLL could look to increase shareholder returns through dividends. We value RLL at a PE multiple of 30x on Sep’26E (implied 16x EV/EBITDA), resulting in equity valuation of INR195b (or INR3,200 per share). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Polycab India; target of Rs 8340: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Polycab India Polycab India (POLYCAB)’s 2QFY25 earnings were in line with our estimates, as lower-than-estimated margins offset higher-than-estimated revenue growth. Its revenue grew 30% YoY to INR55.0b (10% beat) while EBITDA grew ~4% YoY to INR6.3b (est. INR6.6b). OPM contracted 3.0pp YoY to 11.5% (est. ~13%). PAT increased ~3% YoY to INR4.4b (est. INR4.6b) Management indicated demand momentum to remain strong in the Cables and Wires (C&amp;amp;W) segment and believes that 2H should be better than 1H. Further, the retail distribution and exports businesses are expected to improve. The FMEG business is estimated to pick up in FY26 on account of robust demand from the real estate sector. The company is optimistic about achieving INR200b revenue targeted under Project Leap, a year ahead of schedule. It is currently working on its next five-year guidance, which will be communicated later this year. Outlook We estimate a cumulative FCF generation of INR27b during FY25-27 and its net cash balance to increase to INR37b by FY27 vs. INR24b as of Sep’24. We reiterate our BUY rating on POLYCAB with a TP of INR8,340 (based on 50x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy NMDC; target of Rs 290: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on NMDC In 2QFY25, NMDC reported production volume of 8.3mt, down 10% QoQ and 6% YoY, totaling 17.5mt for 1HFY25 (down 11% YoY). Weak volume growth was due to a heavy monsoon. NMDC has maintained its production target of 50mt for FY25 and expects volumes to ramp up significantly in 2HFY25. NMDC took a cumulative price cut of INR1,000 per ton during Jun-Aug’24 for lumps/fines to INR5,350/INR4,610 per ton, considering weak global prices and subdued steel demand due to monsoon. Recently, NMDC announced a price hike of INR400/t for both lump and fines in Oct’24. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR290, valued at 5.5x FY27E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy LTIMindtree; target of Rs 7400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on LTIMindtree LTIMindtree (LTIM) delivered a revenue growth of 2.3% QoQ/ 4.4% YoY in constant currency (CC) terms vs. our estimate of 3.0% QoQ in CC. In USD terms, revenue came in at USD1.1b (up 2.8% QoQ/4.8% YoY), which was slightly below our estimate. EBIT grew 6.4% QoQ/2.5% YoY to INR14.5b (below our estimate of INR14.9b). PAT stood at INR12.5b, up 10.3% QoQ/7.7% YoY and largely in line with our estimate of INR12.4b. For 1HFY25, revenue/PAT grew 5.5%/3.1% compared to 1HFY24, while EBIT declined 1.6% in 1HFY25. Outlook Our estimates are largely unchanged; FY25/FY26e EPS estimates are revised down by a minimal 1% owing to margin pressures. We value LTIM at 35x Sep’26E EPS. Our revised TP of INR7,400 implies 15% upside potential.. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Infosys; target of Rs 2200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Infosys Infosys (INFO) reported 2QFY25 revenue of USD4.9b, growth of 3.1% QoQ/3.3% YoY CC vs. our estimate of 3.0% QoQ CC. EBIT margins stood at 21.1% vs. our estimates of 20.3%. EBIT grew 4.4% QoQ/4.5% YoY to INR86b (est. INR83b). PAT came in at INR65b, up 2.2% QoQ/4.7% YoY, in line with our estimate of INR66b. FY25 revenue growth guidance upgraded from 3-4% to 3.75%-4.5%. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 4.4%/4.8%/5.9% compared to 1HFY24. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow by 8.1%/8.8%/10.4% YoY in 2HFY25. INFO reported a deal TCV of USD2.4b, down 41.5% QoQ and 68.8% YoY. Outlook We expect INFO to be a key beneficiary of the acceleration in IT spends in the medium term. We value INFO at 28x Sep’26 EPS. This yields a rounded TP of INR2,200, implying a 12% upside. We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndiaMART; target of Rs 3500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IndiaMART IndiaMART (INMART) reported 2QFY25 revenue growth of 18% YoY/5% QoQ, in line with our estimate of 18.8% YoY growth. Collection growth was soft at 6% YoY to INR3.5b. Deferred revenue rose 19% YoY to INR14.8b. EBITDA margin expanded ~270bp QoQ, above our estimates of 31.1%, driven by lower employee expenses and outsourced sales costs. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBITDA/PAT grew 17.7%/61.8%/63.6% compared to 1HFY24. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow by 18.0%/24.9%/2.0% YoY in 2HFY25. Adj. PAT was INR1,352m, up 19% QoQ/96% YoY, beating our estimate of INR966mn. Outlook Our estimates are largely unchanged. We value INMART on a DCF basis to arrive at our TP of INR3,500, assuming 11.5% WACC and 6% terminal growth. Our TP implies a 17% potential upside. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Lombard; target of Rs 2400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on ICICI Lombard ICICIGI’s GDP grew 11% YoY in 2QFY25 to INR69b (3% miss). NEP grew 17% YoY to INR50b (3% ahead of our estimates). Claims ratio was largely in line with our estimate at 71.4% (vs. 70.7% in 2QFY24). On a sequential basis, the commission ratio increased ~50bp to 17.5% in 2QFY25 from 15% in 1QFY25 (our est. 17%). The expense ratio increased to 15.6% from 13.3% in 1QFY25 (est. 14%). A higher-than-expected expense ratio led to a miss in the combined ratio at 104.5% (est. 102.5%) compared to 103.9% in 2QFY24. PAT grew 20% YoY to INR6.9b (2% miss). The management expects the momentum in the auto segment to pick up during the festive season and investments in the health business to yield results over the medium term. Combined ratio guidance of 101.5% in 4QFY25 is maintained. We have cut our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates by 4% each on the back of weaker-than-expected performance in 2QFY25. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR2,400 (based on 36x Sept’26E EPS). Outlook We have cut our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates by 4% each on the back of weaker-than-expected performance in 2QFY25. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR2,400 (based on 36x Sept’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2050: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on HDFC Bank HDFC Bank (HDFCB) reported steady performance in 2QFY25, with net earnings of INR168.2b (~3% beat). NIMs declined 1bp QoQ to 3.46%, while the C/D ratio declined sharply by ~4% QoQ to 99.8%. Provisions were 5% higher than MOFSLe at INR27b. The bank utilized INR7b of contingent provisions pursuant to the reversal of AIF provisions. HDFCB is holding total provisions (floating and contingent) of INR262b. GNPA ratio increased 3bp QoQ to 1.36%, while PCR remained stable at 71.2%. Fresh slippages stood at INR78b (1.3% of loans). Given that the bank is focusing on bringing C/D to a normalized level, we trim our loan growth estimates to 7%/10% for FY25/FY26. Thus, we estimate C/D to improve to 97.1%/92.2% in FY25/FY26. We estimate HDFCB to report gradual recovery in loan growth over FY25-27E with earnings growth accelerating faster. We thus estimate HDFCB to deliver FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.8%/14.6%. We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR2,050 (2.4x Sep’26E ABV + INR295 for subs). Outlook We estimate HDFCB to report gradual recovery in loan growth over FY25-27E with earnings growth accelerating faster. We thus estimate HDFCB to deliver FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.8%/14.6%. We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR2,050 (2.4x Sep’26E ABV + INR295 for subs). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy CEAT; target of Rs 3450: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on CEAT Ceat Ltd (CEAT)’s 2QFY25 performance was impacted by higher RM costs, leading to a 100bp contraction in operating margins QoQ, which stood at 11% (est. 11.5%). The outlook for replacement segment across categories and exports remains healthy, with a recovery expected in the OEM segment in H2. CEAT’s focus on strategic areas such as PVs/2Ws/OHT/exports (to help margins), along with prudent capex plans (to benefit FCF), should continue to improve its returns in the long run. Valuations at 22.5x/16.8x FY25E/FY26E consol. EPS appear reasonable. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR3,450 (based on ~17x Sep’26E EPS). Outlook Valuations at 22.5x/16.8x FY25E/FY26E consol. EPS appear reasonable. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR3,450 (based on ~17x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DIIs net buy shares worth Rs 3,225 crore, FIIs net sell Rs 2,262 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: On October 21, Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) net bought shares worth Rs 3,225 crore. On the other hand, Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) net sold shares worth Rs 2,262 crore, provisional data from NSE showed. DIIs bought Rs 13,741 crore worth of shares and sold shares worth Rs 10,515 crore. Meanwhile, FIIs purchased Rs 11,982 crore in shares and offloaded equities worth Rs 14,244 crore during the trading session. FII/DII &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; In the year so far, FIIs have net sold shares worth Rs 2.21 lakh crore, while DIIs have bought shares worth Rs 4.95 lakh crore. After showing smart recovery in the previous session, Indian markets remained under pressure on October 21 amid selling across the sectors barring auto. At close, the Sensex was down 73.48 points or 0.09 percent at 81,151.27, and the Nifty was down 112.50 points or 0.45 percent at 24,741.50. &quot;Asian markets started the week on a mixed note after US stocks reached new records, capping off another successful week and as traders weigh Chinese central bank interest rate cuts aimed at reigniting the world’s number two economy, &quot; said Deepak Jasani, head of retail research at HDFC Securities. He added that European shares struggled for direction on Monday, after two back-to-back weekly gains, ahead of a series of marquee corporate earnings, although stabilising oil prices buoyed the energy sector.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Top stocks to 'BUY' this Diwali: NCC, PNB Housing Finance among Samvat 2081 picks by HDFC Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: Diwali Stocks to Buy: Nifty has witnessed a sharp 28 percent rise since Diwali last year. India’s weight in global indices has been rising sharply over the past few years and continued performance will attract higher attention and allocation from large global funds. The weakening of US dollar and rate cuts by US Fed are likely to improve FPI sentiments towards our markets. The analysts at HDFC Securities compiled a list of 10 stocks - two mega caps, and 4 each in mid cap and small cap category that are likely to offer relatively limited downside and superior upside potential. Diwali Stock Picks 1) Bank of India: BoI boasts a strong capital adequacy ratio, improved NIMs, and enhanced asset quality, evidenced by lower gross and net non-performing assets (GNPA &amp;amp; NNPA), it said in its report adding, &quot;We recommend investors to buy the stock in the Rs 96-106 band for a target price of Rs 132 till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 2) JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd: The brokerage expect the cement demand to pick up pace by H2FY25. &quot;Taking into consideration the capacity expansion and strengthening operational performance, we expect the company to report a healthy performance in the coming years. We believe investors can buy the stock in Rs. 738-819 band (15x FY26E EPS) for a target of Rs 936 (18x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 3) Jyothy Labs: JLL has successfully undergone a substantial transformation from a promoter-driven, south-centric, single product entity to a professionally managed, and multi-product company operating nationwide. &quot;We recommend a buy on Jyothy Labs in the band of Rs 480-533 for target price of Rs 600 (43.75x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali,&quot; the analysts said. 4) L&amp;amp;T Finance: LTF, over the years has been constantly reducing its dependence on the wholesale lending business by aggressively expanding its well diversified retail financing business. &quot;We envisage a 18% growth in advances over FY24-FY26. and recommend investors to buy the stock in the Rs. 153-170 band for a target price of Rs. 219 (2.0x FY26 ABV) till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 5) National Aluminium Company: NALCO is one of the lowest cost producers of alumina globally and has integrated operations with an increase in alumina refinery capacity. We believe investors can buy the stock in Rs. 198-220 band for a target of Rs. 270 (15x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali, it said. 6) Navin Fluorine International: We recommend buy on Navin Fluorine in the band of Rs. 3059-3396 for a target price of Rs. 3948 (40.5x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali, the analysts at HDFC Securities said. 7) NCC Ltd: The brokerage recommended a price target of Rs 363 till next Diwali. 8) PNB Housing Finance: &quot;We recommend investors to buy the stock in the Rs. 893-991 band for a target price of Rs. 1160 (1.7x FY26E ABV) till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 9) Reliance Industries: The domestic brokerage recommended a price target of Rs 3243 till next Diwali. 10) State Bank of India: We believe SBIN is equipped to sustain growth, given its surplus liquidity (Rs. 3.7trn) and a comfortable LDR (76.5%) and recommend investors to buy in the Rs. 733-813 band with a target price of Rs 960 (1.8x Mar-26 ABVPS),&quot; it said. Despite short term headwinds, the analysts believe superior growth prospects of India are likely to continue attracting foreign flows in the long run.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Experts advise waiting for price drop as Hyundai GMP points to subdued listing [/INST] The full article is as follows: The grey market premium (GMP) for Hyundai Motor India Ltd has plummeted to around Rs 50 per share, down from Rs 570 per share in late September. This sharp decline hints at a subdued listing amidst high volatility when the shares of the auto major make their debut on the bourses on Tuesday, say market participants. Interestingly, this comes close on the heels of a rather subdued response from retail investors -- and also HNIs -- to the IPO of Hyundai, which was the largest ever to hit the Indian stock markets. Analysts are of the view that non-institutional investors are wary of Hyundai's valuation, especially amid slowing growth in the automotive sector. Analysts further suggest the weak demand from retail investors and HNI was primarily because such large issues in the past have turned out to be a disappointment after listing. Previous large IPOs, such as those of LIC and Paytm's parent company One97 Communications Ltd, also experienced significant volatility in their grey market premiums (GMP). The LIC IPO launched in April 2022 and around that time, its GMP traded at a modest Rs 63 above its issue price of Rs 949 per share, only to eventually turn negative. Paytm's IPO followed a similar pattern. Its GMP initially indicated a premium of Rs 200 per share over the issue price of Rs 2,150, but just a few days before listing, it dropped to a negative Rs 30 per share. Few analysts reveal that Hyundai India has funneled two-thirds of its cash reserves to its Korean parent in the last two years. More importantly, they say that the dividends paid to the parent company during this period (Rs 17,900 crore) exceeded Hyundai India’s entire profit after tax of the last five years (Rs 17,800 crore). In FY24 alone, just before the IPO, a massive Rs 13,300 crore dividend was declared — 3x higher than FY23 and 9x higher than FY22. This aggressive cash outflow has left Hyundai India's bank balances slashed to a third of what they were two years ago, even as it plans its largest expansion in decades. With its cash reserves depleted, the Indian unit's upcoming capex will heavily rely on loans, pushing up debt and impacting future profits. The company itself confirmed this in its DRHP, stating that reduced cash levels might force it to borrow, which could hurt its profitability and financial health. This strategy raises concerns as Hyundai Motors India now faces increased financial pressure just as it embarks on its growth plans, analysts added. Given this backdrop, experts advise caution on Hyundai's listing day, recommending investors to wait for a few days to allow the stock price to stabilise before making any decisions. They predict limited price movement on listing, possibly trading Rs 100 to Rs 150 below the issue price post listing. This could attract retail and HNI investors who missed out during the IPO, as well as QIBs looking to buy at lower levels. Analysts also highlight that market conditions have softened in recent months, cooling the IPO euphoria seen earlier. The Hyundai IPO, being one of the largest ever, may have further strained market liquidity. Additionally, its size implies a higher chance of share allotment for retail investors, which has dampened the GMP as demand appears absorbed by the IPO itself. In the short term, substantial listing gains are deemed unlikely, with potential profit-taking possibly pushing the stock lower post-listing. Analysts suggest letting initial supply pressures ease before considering any entry, recommending investors look for a significant decline before buying in.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a flat to positive start on October 22, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,797, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. After showing smart recovery in the previous session, the market remained under pressure on Monday (October 21) amid selling across the sectors barring auto. At close, the Sensex was down 73.48 points or 0.09 percent at 81,151.27, and the Nifty was down 72.90 points or 0.29 percent at 24,781.10. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading marginally higher, indicating a flat to positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,797 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Down) Asian indices were trading weak on Tuesday, trailing a mixed session on Wall Street. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix -1.56 -4.57 5.60 Nikkei -1.80 -3.25 8.25 Hang Seng 0.55 -2.27 22.65 Taiwan -0.93 3.85 25.19 Kospi -1.15 -5 -8.29 US Equities (Mixed) The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&amp;amp;P 500 closed lower on Monday, retreating from Friday's record high closes and six straight weekly gains as Treasury yields rose and investors wary of high valuations awaited earnings from major companies. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 344.31 points, or 0.80%, to 42,931.60, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 10.69 points, or 0.18%, to 5,853.98. The Nasdaq Composite gained 50.45 points, or 0.27%, to 18,540.01, boosted by the chip heavyweight Nvidia, which rose 4.14% to close at a record high of $143.71. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.80 1.75 15.09 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.18 1.92 24 Nasdaq 0.27 2.26 24.79 US Bond Yield (Down) The US 10-year Treasury yield fell 24 bps at 4.18 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield declined 37 bps at 4.01 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.18 3.74 4.85 US 2-Year Treasury 4.01 3.58 5.04 Dollar Index (Flat) The U.S. dollar clung to a two-and-half-month high on Tuesday on expectations the Federal Reserve will take a measured approach to interest rate cuts, while a close battle in the upcoming U.S. election kept investors on edge. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.92 100.85 105.53 Asian currencies (Weak) Among Asian currencies, except Japanese Yen, Thai Baht and Singapore Dollar, all currencies were trading weak in the early trade on Tuesday. On a month-to-date basis, Japanese Yen fell the most, followed by South Korean Won, Philippines Peso, Malaysian Ringgit. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.148 -1.82 4.72 South Korean Won -0.092 -3.29 -0.084 Japanese Yen 0.153 -4.92 2.82 Philippines Peso -0.265 -3.05 -0.286 Thai Baht 0.096 -1.61 -10.68 Taiwan Dollar -0.337 -0.72 1.76 China Renminbi -0.257 -0.962 1.72 Malaysian Ringgit -0.462 -2.87 10.38 Singapore Dollar 0.053 -1.90 3.53 Crude (Down) Oil prices fell on Tuesday, paring the previous day's nearly 2% rise as the top U.S. diplomat renewed efforts to push for a ceasefire in the Middle East, and as slow demand in China, the world's top oil importer, continued to weigh on the market. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -0.41 3.08 -1.93 Brent Crude -0.50 3.01 -4.04 Gold (Gains) Gold steadied, after hitting a record high in the previous session, as traders digested differing views from Federal Reserve officials on the path forward for US interest rates. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.30 3.54 32.22 Silver 0.33 8.72 43.44 LME Commodities (Down) All the commodities were trading lower in the early trade on Tuesday with Nickel fell more than a percent, while Lead, Copper and Aluminium were down 0.5 percent each. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -0.63 -0.61 8.87 Copper -0.69 -2.75 11.68 Nickel -1.34 -4.62 0.61 Lead -0.75 -1.88 -0.58 Zinc -0.45 -0.50 15.71 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling as they sold equities worth Rs 2,261 crore on October 21, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 3,225 crore on the same day. 21st Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -2,261.83 -67,056.41 -2,09,592.60 DII Net Flows 3,225.91 1,09,282.34 4,14,866.05 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: 10 stocks that moved the most on October 21 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity indices ended on a weak note with Nifty below 24,800 on October 21, weighed down by IT, FMCG, and metal stocks on October 21. Apart from Nifty Auto, all other sectoral indices were in negative territory. What had started on a high note, buoyed by HDFC Bank's early gains, quickly gave way to profit-booking, causing the indices to end lower. HDFC Bank | CMP Rs 1,725 | Shares surged 3 percent after the Street gave thumbs up to its September quarter performance. Strong metrics was observed on all counts, with slight deterioration seen in the asset quality picture. Brokerages maintained their positive outlook on the stock, with price targets suggesting a potential upside of up to 28 percent from current levels. Tejas Network | CMP Rs 1,322 | Shares surged over 11 percent after a robust seven-fold topline growth, powered by the expansion of 4G business. The management said it is very confident of the upcoming opportunities and shared details of projects for which it is aiming to bid or contracts are underway. On a QoQ basis, Tejas Networks' net profit has grown by 250 percent, while revenue rose by 80 percent compared to the previous quarter. Tata Consumer Products | CMP Rs 1,015 | Shares fell over 7 percent after the FMCG player reported a muted show for its July-September earnings scorecard. The owner of Ching's Secret noodles brands said its net profit was unchanged at Rs 359 crore. Revenue increased 13 percent to Rs 4,20 crore in the three months ended September 30. Kotak Mahindra Bank | CMP Rs 1,782 | Shares tumbled and fell nearly 5 percent following the release of the bank's September quarter numbers (Q2FY25), which missed Street estimates and prompted some brokerage firms to lower their target prices on the stock. Kotak reported a Q2 profit growth of 5 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 3,344 crore. Indiamart Intermesh | CMP Rs 2,519 | Shares tumbled almost 17 percent despite reporting a robust second-quarter earnings report which sparked a cautious outlook from analysts. The online B2B marketplace reported a substantial 95 percent YoY. While the company added 2,390 paid subscribers sequentially, collections growth slowed significantly, dipping to just 5 percent from 14 percent in the same period last year. Oberoi Realty | CMP Rs 1,989 | Shares advanced 3 percent on October 21 after the company achieved Rs 1,350 crore gross bookings for a new projects in the first three days. The real estate developer also posted a 29 percent rise in its consolidated net profit to Rs 589.44 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal year. Its net profit stood at Rs 456.76 crore in the year-ago period. PNC Infratech | CMP: Rs 366 | Shares were stuck in a 20 percent lower circuit after the company, along with its two subsidiaries were disqualified by the Ministry of Road Transport &amp;amp; Highways from participating in any tender process of the Ministry. In an exchange filing, PNC Infratech stated that it has been barred from tender processes for one year, effective October 18, 2024. Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers | CMP Rs 1,805 | Shares rallied over 2 percent ollowing the receipt of a Letter of Intent from the Ministry of Defence for a significant contract. This contract, valued at around Rs 491 crore, involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, and commissioning of an Acoustic Research Ship (ARS), with a timeline of 36 months. Zomato | CMP Rs 265 | Shares rose 3 percent after the company announced plans to launch QIP. Following the development, brokerage issued bullish calls on the counter. Jefferies reiterated its bullish buy call on Zomato, with a target price of Rs 335. If the RBI approves Zomato's application on the FII holding front, the move will convert Zomato to a 'domestic' firm. JM Financial | CMP Rs 147 | Shares tanked over 7 percent despite the Reserve Bank of India lifting restrictions on its subsidiary JM Financial Products Ltd from financing against shares and debentures. In March, the RBI had barred JM Financial Products from giving loans against shares and debentures with immediate effect. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Sensex flat, Nifty closes below 24,800 amid volatility; mid-, small-caps drag [/INST] The full article is as follows: After showing smart recovery in the previous session, the market remained under pressure on Monday (October 21) amid selling across the sectors barring auto. At close, the Sensex was down 73.48 points or 0.09 percent at 81,151.27, and the Nifty was down 112.50 points or 0.45 percent at 24,741.50. On the back of positive global cues, the Indian indices opened on a strong note but erased all the gain in the initial hour and traded flat in the first half. However, the market witnessed extreme volatility in the second half, to close in the red with Nifty below 24,750. Biggest Nifty losers were Tata Consumer Products, Kotak Mahindra Bank, BPCL, IndusInd Bank and Bajaj Finserv, while gainers included HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto, Asian Paints, M&amp;amp;M and Eicher Motors. Except auto, all other sectoral indices ended in the red with FMCG, metal, capital goods, power, realty, IT, oil &amp;amp; gas and media down 1-3 percent. The BSE Midcap and smallcap indices shed 1.5 percent each. 250 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Amber Enterprises, BF Investment, Dixon Technologies, Garware Technical, GFL, HCL Technologies, Indigo Paints, JSW Holdings, Maharashtra Scooters, MCX India, NALCO, Pilani Investment, Summit Securities, Suven Pharma, Tech Mahindra, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 22 Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares: The markets commenced the week on a strong note under the guidance of the Banking counters but swiftly erased their gains as a steep fall was witnessed in the Mid and Smallcap segments and at one point of time, the Index was down over 170 points; however, in the last session, recovery was seen from the lower levels which helped the Index to settle the trade at 24,781.10 with a loss of 72.95 points. Barring Auto, all the other sectors ended the day with a loss where Media and Metal were the major laggards. After a pause of a day, Mid and Smallcaps extended their underperformance with a loss of 1.66% &amp;amp; 1.47% respectively. Bullish Divergence did not last for long as the Index formed a Dark Cloud Cover candlestick pattern on the daily chart indicating an upper hand of the Bears. The range is shifted lower to 24,570-25,000 and a breakout on either side will open doors for another 250-300 points move. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap up however it reversed sharply and closed in the red down ~73 points. Nifty witnessed selling pressure from the 25000 mark which coincides with high concentration of open interest on the call side implying resistance. On the downside the 20-week average (24730) which was defended well last week is being tested again. So there is a standoff between bulls and bears leading to heightened volatility. Overall, we expect a rangebound price action in the range 24500 – 25200 from short term perspective. Bank Nifty opened with a huge gap up however was unable to sustain at higher levels and traded with a negative bias during the day. It closed down ~132 points. Inability to sustain at higher levels shows lack of strength and hence there is likely to further consolidation before any meaningful upside. On the upside 52250 – 52300 shall act as an immediate hurdle zone while 51100 – 51000 shall act as a crucial support zone.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 2025: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 has surged to INR 70,196 Mn, a growth of 11.5% YoY (+2.6% QoQ). This NII figure is 1.3% lower than our estimates. Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) was INR 50,993 Mn, a growth of 10.6% YoY (-2.9% QoQ). The bank's adjusted PAT stood at INR 33,437 Mn, a growth of 4.8% YoY (-5.0% QoQ), in line with our estimates. The bank's focus on expanding granular deposits, its strategic acquisitions, and its emphasis on digital innovation are key to driving sustainable growth. With a strong balance sheet and continued investment in technology, the bank is well-positioned to capitalize on organic and inorganic growth opportunities once the RBI tech restrictions are lifted. Outlook Considering slightly higher credit costs, we have cut our EPS for FY25E/ FY26E by 3.7%/ 3.3%. We revise our target price to INR 2,025 per share, maintaining our rating of &quot;ACCUMULATE&quot; on the shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 2230 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank KMB saw a soft quarter owing to miss on loan growth and asset quality. Due to full impact of the RBI embargo, credit flow was weak led by slower offtake in unsecured, while corporate saw muted growth due to irrational pricing. Weak credit flow in H1FY25 would be partly offset by purchase of Standard Chartered Bank's (SCB) PL portfolio (Rs41bn). Hence, we cut loan growth for FY25/26E by 2%/1%. We have factored in declining margins due to likely repo rate cut and slower unsecured growth, but raise NIM for FY25/26E by 3/6bps on account of (1) SA rate cut in the &amp;lt;Rs0.5mn bucket and (2) acquisition of SCB’s PL book. This would be offset by rise in provisions for FY25/26E by 7/6bps as stress in unsecured (incl. MFI) is likely to continue for the next few quarters. Outlook The stock trading at 1.9x on Sep’26 ABV. We maintain multiple at 2.4x but raise TP to Rs2,230 from Rs2,125 as we roll forward to Sep’26 core ABV. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy KEI Industries; target of Rs 5265 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on KEI Industries KEI Industries (KEII) maintained its guidance of 16-17% revenue growth in FY25, driven by capacity expansion and healthy demand in domestic &amp;amp; export markets, even after lower growth in H1FY25. Domestic demand mainly comes from private sector cement, steel, industrial &amp;amp; solar, and government projects. Export business is gaining traction in the US &amp;amp; Europe apart from Australia, the Middle East &amp;amp; Africa. The company aims to reach 11.0% EBITDA margin in FY25. KEI reported strong rev. in HT cables (+65.8% YoY), LT cables (+20.8% YoY) &amp;amp; housing wire (+21.5% YoY) in Q2FY25. However, its EPC rev. declined, and is expected to decline further in FY25. We maintain our earnings estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27E and estimate revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 17.7%/22.8%/22%. Outlook Consistent growth in volume with margins improvement, robust returns (27.5%/20.3% RoCE/RoE in FY24), and optimistic guidance, compel us to assign a premium valuation to the company compared to its peers. Maintain ‘BUY’ at TP of Rs5,265 (same as earlier), valuing at 45x FY27 earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2000 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on HDFC Bank HDFCB saw mixed results; core PAT was in-line, but NII/NIM and net slippages were a miss, offset by higher fees and lower opex. Pre-merger LDR was 85-87% (now 99.8%), which could be achieved in 2-3 years. Hence, loan growth is guided to be lower than system for FY25, in line with system for FY26 and faster than system for FY27. While our LDR assumptions are in line with guidance, loan growth estimates for FY26/27E are lower since deposit environment remains constrained. NIM is seeing a drag as LDR fall is generating excess liquidity, which could be utilized to prepay liabilities basis negotiation with lenders. However, HDFCB would like to keep the balance sheet fortified suggesting that liquidity could remain in surplus. Outlook Hence, we trim NIM for FY25/26E by 5/7bps, which is neutralized by increase in fees and reduction in opex; our core PAT does not change materially. We roll forward to Sep’26 core ABV but our TP is intact at Rs2,000 as we tweak the multiple to 2.4x from 2.5x. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DOMS Industries; target of Rs 3349 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on DOMS Industries We initiate coverage on DOMS with a BUY rating and TP of Rs3,349. In an industry dominated by unorganized players, competitive edge of DOMS stems from 1) superior brand recall 2) ability to offer innovative products (eraseners, two-dooz sharpeners &amp;amp; grove pencils) 3) cost competitiveness arising from backward integration 4) strong distribution reach with 125,000+ retail touch points and 5) superior R&amp;amp;D capabilities &amp;amp; technical know-how given the collaboration with FILA. DOMS has a diversified stationary &amp;amp; arts material portfolio and has outlined a capex plan of Rs4,535mn spread over 2 years to expand capacity in writing instruments, water color pens and markers &amp;amp; highlighters at Umbergaon. Given the expansion plans, we expect revenue/PAT CAGR of 26%/28% over FY24-FY27E. Recent entry into diapers market with plans to enter into ancillary categories like footwear, apparels, confectionaries, and sports gears &amp;amp; accessories widens the addressable target market for DOMS providing growth optionality. Outlook We value the stock at 60x FY27E EPS with a TP of Rs3,349. Initiate with a BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold CEAT; target of Rs 3063: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on CEAT CEAT’s Q2FY25 revenue increased by 8.2% YoY, driven by healthy demand in the replacement and international markets. Rise in key input prices led to a steep decline in gross margin by 594bps YoY to 37.4%. Higher input costs and rise in staff expenses on account of yearly increments, led to EBITDA margin declining by 398bps YoY to 11%. Further, APAT declined by 41.4% YoY, on weak operational performance. The management has announced price increases across its product range and plans more hikes, to mitigate some input cost pressure. Additionally, they expect demand momentum in H2FY25 to be robust, which shall aid in better volume and ASP growth in the upcoming months, while margins could be in the similar range given the volatility in input costs. Outlook Given the volatility in input costs, we lower our EBITDA &amp;amp; EPS estimates in the range of 7-12% and project revenue/EBITDA/PAT to grow at 10.9%/8%/9.4% CAGR over FY24-27E. We maintain our ‘Hold’ rating with a revised target price of Rs3,063 (down from Rs3,107), valuing it at 15x on its Sep’26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Zee Entertainment Enterprises; target of Rs 145: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Zee Entertainment Enterprises ZEEL reported better than expected performance with EBITDA margin of 16.0% (PLe 12.5%) led by cost optimization efforts and narrowing losses in ZEE5. Over the last 2 quarters, ZEEL’s content and employee cost is down 17% and 11% respectively. Further, losses in ZEE5 are at a 4-year low level of Rs1,588mn. Despite a strong beat at operating level, we broadly maintain our estimates as we were already building-in a sharp back ended recovery (EBITDA margin of 17.3% in 2HFY25E) led by the cost optimization drive. We believe benefit of cost rationalization is partly overshadowed by a weak operating environment as evident from decline in domestic ad-revenue since 2QFY23 barring one quarter. While cost frugality is commendable, recovery in ad-environment is critical for re-rating. Outlook Retain HOLD with a TP of Rs147 (earlier Rs143). We have revised our target P/E multiple to 11x (earlier 12x) as we roll forward our valuation to Sep26E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Jindal Stainless; target of Rs 814: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Jindal Stainless Jindal Stainless (JDSL) reported weak but in-line standalone operating performance in Q2FY25. EBITDA/t at Rs17,833 was tad lower than PLe on product mix deterioration due to lower exports. Export volumes declined 20% YoY amidst global headwinds and weak demand in Europe &amp;amp; the US. The management has lowered the volume guidance for FY25 to 10-15% from ~20% earlier citing global challenges. However, domestic demand remains strong aided by planned railway infrastructure expansion and GoI’s focus on increasing usage of stainless steel (SS) in coastal areas. Things to watch out for: a) uptick in domestic demand post festivities in Q3FY25, b) recovery in export volumes post US elections, and c) SS and nickel pricing spreads. We expect JDSL to deliver strong 14%+ CAGR over FY24-27E as it has adequate capacity. Outlook We cut our FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 7%/5%/3% incorporating lower SS volumes and pricing. We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 16%/19%/25% over FY24-27E. At CMP, the stock is trading at 9.1x/7.4x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with revised TP of Rs814 (earlier Rs849) valuing at 9x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1790: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Tech Mahindra TechM reported steady revenue growth &amp;amp; strong margin expansion in Q2FY25. Revenue came at US$1.59 bn, up 0.7% QoQ in CC vs our expectation of flat growth &amp;amp; cons. est. of 0.4% QoQ CC growth. Growth in qtr. was aided by verticals of Hitech, CME &amp;amp; BFSI offset by the weakness in Manufacturing. EBIT margin improved by 110 bps QoQ to 9.6% vs our est. &amp;amp; cons. est. of 60 bps &amp;amp; 70 bps improvement respectively due to currency tailwinds &amp;amp; savings from Project Fortius. New deal win was steady at US$ 603 mn vs deal win of US$ 534 mn in Q1. PAT came INR 12.6 bn vs our est. of INR 10.1 bn due to higher other income. Outlook The stock has witnessed strong run-up over the last few sessions, we believe all positives are factored into the CMP. The stock is currently trading at 21x FY27E, we are assigning P/E of 22x to FY27E with a target price of INR 1,790. We maintain “ACCUMULATE” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Havells India; target of Rs 2036: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Havells India Havells India’s (HAVL) reported healthy growth in revenue led by Cables and Lloyd’s non-season products (22.8%/18.5% YoY), while Switchgear saw soft revenue growth (+3.4% YoY). The company expects ECD segment growth momentum to continue from non-season products with positive demand outlook and some uptick in consumer trends. With Lloyd strategy focused on growth with profitability, we estimate positive EBIT for FY25. Led by capacity addition at Tumakuru and stability in RM prices, Cables business growth is likely to pick up in the coming quarters. We have downward revised our FY25E earnings by 4.3% to factor in the lower margin in H1FY25, while maintaining FY26E/FY27E estimates over strong commentary. Outlook We estimate revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 16.1%/21.6%/22.8% for FY24-27E with ECD/Cables/Lloyd segment revenue CAGR of 15.0%/17.7%/18.0% over FY24- 27E and EBITDA margin to reach 11.4% by FY27E (+150bps). Maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating at a DCF-based target price of Rs2,036 (same as earlier), which implies 54x FY27E earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Finance Q2 preview: NII, profit to see double-digit growth led by strong loan growth, IPO arm stake sale [/INST] The full article is as follows: India's top non-bank lender Bajaj Finance is set to present its earnings report for the second quarter of fiscal FY25 on October 22. Analysts expect the lender to benefit from its stake sale in Bajaj Housing Finance done via a mix of fresh issue and offer-for-sale route as well as solid loan growth. According to Moneycontrol's poll of 6 brokerages, Bajaj Finance's net interest income is expected to increase by 32 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 9,557 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 7,197 crore in the year-ago period. Profit, too, is likely to jump 33 percent YoY to Rs 4,464 crore in Q2FY25 versus Rs 3,551 crore in Q2FY24. Earnings estimates of analysts polled by Moneycontrol are in a positive range, so any surprises may elicit a sharp reaction in the stock. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy loan growth: According to Motilal Oswal analysts, Bajaj Finance is expected to report AUM growth of 30 percent YoY or 7 percent QoQ in the September-ended quarter. Axis Securities, too, concurred with the view and projected 6 percent sequential growth in AUM for Q2FY25. Limited margin contraction: Despite the increase in cost of funds, Bajaj Finance's margin compression is likely to be lower, said Axis Securities. The highest margin was pegged by Emkay Global at 12.12 percent for Q2FY25, as compared to 12.63 percent in the year-ago period. Higher liquidity surplus: The consolidated liquidity surplus stood at Rs 20,100 crore versus Rs 16,200 crore on a sequential basis. Surplus liquidity stood at 5.4 percent of AUM versus 4.6 percent a quarter back. Motilal Oswal analysts attributed elevated liquidity on the balance sheet to fresh equity raise of Rs 35,600 crore in Bajaj Housinf Finance IPO in September. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Brokerages said commentaries on NIM trajectory, credit costs, and growth outlook will be the key monitorables going ahead. In the July-September quarter, shares of Bajaj Finance have surged over 8 percent, beating Nifty 50's 7 percent surge during the same period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Nestle India; target of Rs 2681: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Nestle India Nestle India’s (Nestle’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were weak, missing estimates on all fronts. Muted revenue growth at 1.3% y-o-y along with 144 bps y-o-y decline in OPM and lower other income lead to 9.1% y-o-y decline in adjusted PAT. Domestic business performance was muted with a 1% y-o-y revenue growth versus expectation of 5-6% growth (we believe volumes to have declined in low-single digits). Commodity prices of coffee and cocoa are on elevated levels, while milk prices have been relatively stable. OPM to be under pressure in the coming quarters. Outlook Stock continues to trade at premium valuations of 71x/64x/57x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E EPS, respectively. We maintain a Hold rating with an unchanged price target of Rs. 2,681. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate J Kumar Infraprojects; target of Rs 950: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on J Kumar Infraprojects J Kumar Infraprojects Ltd (JKIL) was Founded in 1980, has emerged as a leading infrastructure company in India. It is an India-based company that is engaged in the business of execution of contracts of various infrastructure projects including transportation engineering, irrigation projects, civil construction and piling work. The Company's offerings include metro, flyover and bridges, roads, and tunnels, civil and others, and water. Its metro offerings include metro underground, metro elevated, metro elevated stations, metro underground stations, and depots. Its flyover and bridges offerings include flyovers, bridges, pedestrian subways, skywalks, and road over bridges. Its roads and tunnels offerings include Roads, Highways, Expressways, Tunnels, and Airport runways. Its civil and other offerings include hospital/medical colleges, railway terminus and stations, commercial buildings, sports complex, and other civil constructions. Its water offerings include sewage treatment plants, riverfronts, tunnels, and others. Outlook We value the company’s business at 14X FY27E EPS to arrive at target price of Rs 950/share. The TP implies an upside potential of 28% from the recommended price. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals; target of Rs 124: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Mangalore Refinery &amp;amp; Petrochemicals (MRPL) reported lower-than-estimated results with an EBITDA loss of Rs4.7bn in Q2FY25 (vs EBITDA of Rs6.1bn in Q1, PLe EBITDA: Rs0.9bn, BBGe EBITDA: Rs3.5bn). Net loss came in at Rs6.8bn (vs PAT of Rs0.7bn in Q1, PLe net loss: Rs3.1bn, BBGe net loss: Rs1.2bn). Reported GRM stood at US$0.55/bbl with an inventory loss of US$2.93/bbl. Average Singapore GRM in Q3FY25-TD continues to remain weak at ~US$3/bbl amid demand concerns. We believe these weak GRMs would persist in the long term too given adequate refining capacity additions in China, India and the Middle East and weak demand prospects. We build in a GRM of US$4.3/7.5/7.5/bbl for FY25/26/27E. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 12.8x/12.8x FY26/27 EPS and 6.9x/6.5x FY26/27E EV/EBITDA. We maintain ‘Sell’ rating with a TP of Rs124 based on 6x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2000: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on HDFC Bank HDFC Bank reported broadly in-line performance with strong deposit growth in Q2FY2025. Given the transition period, management’s relentless focus is towards balance sheet management and stability in return ratios. The bank shared its glide path for loan growth. In FY2025, it would probably grow slower than the system. Loan growth is expected to be at par with the system in FY2026; and from FY2027, it should see faster growth than the system. The quality of portfolio continues to be stable. Outlook The stock trades at 2.2x/1.9x its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 2,000 and remain assertive from the medium to long. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hyundai Group Chairman & CEO among Korean top brass expected to attend Hyundai Motor India listing [/INST] The full article is as follows: The much-anticipated listing of Hyundai Motor India is set to take place on October 22, with a significant presence from the company’s top executives. More than two dozen officials from Korea are expected to attend the event, including Hyundai Motor Group Executive Chairman &amp;amp; CEO Euisun Chung and Jaehoon Chang, President &amp;amp; CEO, Hyundai Motor, according to sources familiar with the situation. The listing of the Indian arm of the Korean auto giant is viewed as a major milestone for the firm, prompting many representatives from the parent company to participate in the ceremony scheduled for tomorrow at the NSE. Among those flying in are several CXOs and heads of key verticals, including autonomous vehicle planning and strategy. Incidentally, the Indian arm is also headed by a Korean -- Unsoo Kim – who serves as the MD &amp;amp; CEO of the company with his fellow national Wangdo Hur occupying the CFO’s chair. The COO of the Indian subsidiary, however, is Tarun Garg. The Rs 27,870 crore IPO of Hyundai Motor India – the largest till date in the Indian market – closed on October 17 and was subscribed 2.37 times with only institutional investors showing huge interest in the offering, which was entirely an offer for sale by promoter entities. Also Read: Hyundai India IPO GMP rebounds to green a day ahead of listing While the QIB portion was subscribed nearly seven times, the other portions – those reserved for HNIs and retail investors – remained undersubscribed. The price band for the offering was fixed at Rs 1,865-1,960 per share. The demand from retail investors remained sluggish as there were concerns over high valuation, a fall in grey market premium of shares and overall weak demand in the auto sector during the festive seasons. The company’s IPO experienced significant volatility in its grey market premium (GMP). According to platforms tracking GMP trends, the premium for Hyundai Motor India's shares dropped sharply into negative territory last week, after hitting a high of Rs 570 in late September. Ahead of the company’s IPO, the top brass of the auto major while speaking to Moneycontrol had said that its strategies are focused around looking for opportunities in terms of introducing new models, new technologies, EV space, and premiumisation. They had further said that they were “very optimistic” about the Indian auto market and are looking at a single-digit growth this year – on a high base of last year – and that there are not too many headwinds.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Havells, India; target of Rs 2117: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Havells, India Improved demand drove Havells’ revenue to grow 16% y/y, but margins dragged the Q2 performance. Supported by festival season offtake, we remain optimistic regarding H2 and expect margins to recover. Upbeat consumer sentiments are expected to drive ECD performance with B2B demand improving, driven by government spending. Outlook We maintain a Buy with a revised TP of Rs2,117 (54x FY27e EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Netweb Technologies shares hit 52-week high on 70% jump in Q2 profit [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Netweb Technologies hit new record high on October 21 after the company reported 70 percent rise in net profit in the second quarter of FY25. The stock jumped in early trading hours to Rs 2,949.8 on NSE, a 52-week high, before paring some of the gains to trade at Rs 2,787, up 3.93 percent at 12:14 pm. In the last one year, the shares of the company have recorded a massive 232.41 percent jump. The company had made hefty listing gains on its stock market debut on July 27, 2023, with a premium of 88 percent over its issue price of Rs 500. Last week, the company reported a net profit of Rs 25.7 crore in Q2FY25, an increase of 69.8 percent over Rs 15.14 crore in the same period of the previous financial year, according to the exchange filing released on October 19. The company posted Rs 15.44 crore in the first quarter of the current financial year, the filing showed. The total income was at Rs 253.1 crore in the reported quarter, a jump of 71 percent over the year-ago period. Ebitda came in at Rs 37.8 crore, while the Ebitda margin was at 14.9 percent in the September quarter. The order book also jumped 70 percent to Rs 369.7 crore in the September quarter from Rs 217.4 crore in the year-ago period, the filing showed. “With India's AI research ecosystem thriving through government initiatives and industry partnerships, the potential for innovation is immense. Netweb is well-positioned to harness these opportunities,” Sanjay Lodha, chairman and managing director, Netweb Technologies said. Netweb is India’s leading high-end computing solutions (HCS) provider, with fully integrated design and manufacturing capabilities, the company statement said.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Wipro; target of Rs 532: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Wipro Revenue for Q2FY25 stood at INR 223,016 Mn, down 1.0% YoY (+1.5% QoQ), in line with our projections. EBIT grew to INR 36,725 Mn, up 19.4% YoY (1.3% QoQ), in line with our estimates. EBIT margin stood at 16.5%, up 281bps (-4bps QoQ). The YoY expansion in margin is attributable to reduced employee costs, subcontracting fees, and other expenses. PAT grew to INR 32,266 Mn, up 21.0% YoY (+6.3% QoQ), exceeding our expectations on account of higher than anticipated other income. PAT margin expanded 262bps YoY (+64bps QoQ) to 14.5%. We increase our FY26 EPS to INR 25.3 (previously: INR 24.8) and a P/E Multiple of 21.0x (previously: 20.0x), reflecting a better-than anticipated Q2FY25 result, large deal wins, and improving conditions for discretionary spending, to arrive at a Target Price of INR 532 (previously: INR 497). However, the recent rally in the stock price in the last six months (+23.2%), has resulted in, an inflated valuation for the IT firm. Moreover, we feel that WIPRO’s performance relative to other Tier-1 firms has lagged, wherein firms like HCL Tech and Infosys have raised their revenue guidance. Outlook Moreover, we do not see any signs of a sharp recovery in Wipro’s EPS that would justify the current elevated levels and reiterate our &quot;REDUCE&quot; rating on the shares of Wipro Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy RBL Bank; target of Rs 325: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on RBL Bank RBL posted a miss in earnings (~33%) with PAT at Rs2.2bn/0.6% RoA, mainly due to dip in NIM to ~5%, higher staff cost (owing to pay hikes and ~800-900 in-house collection fleet added in Q2), and LLP (led by higher slippages in CC + MFI book). Credit growth also moderated to 15% YoY due to the bank’s strategy to prune its low-yielding corporate book and slowdown in unsecured loan growth (including Cards and MFI); however, the bank remains focused on building its high yielding secured retail/SME book for better RaRoC. GNPA ratio inched-up QoQ to 2.9% due to transitional pain in the BAF-RBL card portfolio (as the bank took charge of collection) and MFI book (mainly in Bihar). Bank expects asset quality pain to ease over the next 6M. Outlook We trim our estimates for FY25-27 factoring in higher staff cost and LLP, but retain BUY with TP of Rs325 (valuing the bank at 1.1x Sep-26E ABV). Current valuations remain inexpensive at 0.7x Sep-26E ABV. We recommend RBL for investors ready to trade near-term pain for long-term gain as the ongoing transformation should result in a sustained RoA of &amp;gt;1%. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2000: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on HDFC Bank HDFC Bank reported a 3% PAT beat at Rs168bn/1.9% RoA, primarily due to stable margins, contained opex, and provisions (due to reversal of Rs6.8bn AIF provisions). After an upset in 1Q, deposit growth returned – up 15% YoY/5% QoQ (Rs1.2trn), but credit growth fell to a low of 7% YoY as the bank focused on LDR management (down by 375bps QoQ to 100%) to allay regulatory concerns. However, the bank managed to maintain NIMs at 3.65% owing to better portfolio mix, defying the industry trend. Asset quality also held up well with GNPA ratio largely flat at 1.36% vs far more deterioration for peers, as the bank consciously contained growth in unsecured loans for the past few years. Outlook We retain BUY with TP of Rs2,000 based on 2.4x Sep-26E Standalone Bank ABV and subs valuations (Rs300/sh). Bank has received board approval to launch an IPO of its NBFC subsidiary – HDB Financial Services amounting to Rs125bn (incl OFS of Rs100bn) – to meet the regulatory guidelines and also unlock value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce ICICI Lombard; target of Rs 1900: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on ICICI Lombard ICICIGI reported a mixed Q2FY25 result, where the operating performance at 10.8% YoY GWP growth and the combined ratio at 104.5% came in lower than our estimates; however, buoyant equity market-led capital gains at Rs2.37bn drove PAT to Rs6.9bn, which is 8.5% above our estimates. The management remains committed to its profitable growth strategy by targeting selected business and customer segments. The growth outlook looks challenging for the General Insurance sector due to factors such as no hike in Motor TP, muted new PV sales growth, and competitive pricing environment in Group Health and Commercial Lines. The profitability environment is also likely to remain tough as the competitive intensity in distributor’s payout stays high. Outlook To reflect the Q2 and external developments, we have adjusted our FY25-27 estimates leading to a slight increase in CoR, minor reduction in GWP, and ~3% cut in FY26-27E EPS (FY25E EPS increases by ~4% on higher capital gains). We reiterate our REDUCE rating on the stock with an unchanged Sep-25E TP of Rs1,900. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Zee Entertainment; target of Rs 140: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Zee Entertainment Zee reported a mixed operating performance in Q2FY25. Advertising revenue growth remained underwhelming, declining by another 7.9% YoY. Ad revenue has now declined (YoY) in last eight of the nine quarters. Subscription revenue saw an uptick of 9.2% YoY. Margins surprised positively as Zee contained expenses across the board. Management stated that advertising environment has picked up in September in the run-up to the festive season, although longterm spending trend remains uncertain as of now. Zee has made some progress on their financial aspirations which were announced after breakdown of the merger, though lack of ad revenue growth recovery remains the biggest concern. In our view, going ahead, the absence of revenue pickup will act as a hindrance for further margin expansion. Outlook We reiterate that a significant re-rating should be possible in case of a new partner/buyer. With persisting challenges on the advertising growth front, we cut our FY26-27 EBITDA by 8-10%. We maintain REDUCE with TP of Rs140 (8x Sep-26E Broadcasting EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 1700: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) continued to report margin contraction (11bps QoQ to 4.9%) due to lower loan asset yields which was due to slower growth in unsecured loans (including full impact of credit card suspension). This, coupled with higher LLP and lower other income led to a 4% miss on PAT at Rs33bn/2.2% RoA. Gross credit growth was healthy at 18% YoY, but sell-off via IBPC for BS management led to lower net credit growth at 15% YoY. Stress in unsecured loans including MFI and Cards has inched-up leading to higher NPAs QoQ to 1.5%; the bank expects some relief by 4Q. Bank continues to draw down specific PCR which reduced to 71% from 75% in Q1, despite peers holding higher specific PCR as well as contingent buffers. Outlook Factoring in slower growth and rising NPAs, we cut our earnings estimates by 1-5% over FY25-27E, while we retain our REDUCE rating with TP at Rs1,700 rolling forward on 1.7x Sep26E Standalone ABV and subs/inv value at Rs550/sh. The bank continues to work with external auditors and the RBI to release embargo on new credit card business and general banking customer acquisition through digital channels. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Waaree Energies IPO: Issue subscribed 3.32 times on Day 1; retail portion booked 317% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Waaree Energies' Rs 4,321-crore initial public offer (IPO) was off to a robust start on October 21, the first day of bidding, after the issue was subscribed 3.32 times. The public offer drew bids for 6.98 crore shares as against 2.1 crore shares on offer, showed exchange data. The company is a major player in the solar energy industry, focused on PV module manufacturing with an aggregate installed capacity of 12 GW as of June 30, 2023. There is also much buzz around Waaree Energies' grey market premium, which crossed the 100 percent premium ahead of its initial share sale on October 21. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates As per NSE data, non-institutional investors were at the forefront, buying nearly 8.09 times the portion reserved for them. The retail investor portion was booked 3.17 times while the employee quota was subscribed 1.57 times. QIBs or Qualified Institutional Buyers purchased 8 percent of the issue reserved for them. The IPO consists of a fresh issue of equity shares worth Rs 3,600 crore and an offer-for-sale (OFS) of 48 lakh shares, valued at Rs 721.44 crore, at the upper end of the price band, from promoters and existing shareholders. The total issue size amounts to Rs 4,321.44 crore. At the upper end of the price band, the company's market valuation is estimated at over Rs 43,179 crore post-issue. The proceeds from the fresh issue will primarily be used to establish a 6 GW manufacturing facility in Odisha, which will produce ingot wafers, solar cells, and solar PV modules. A portion of the funds will also be allocated for general corporate purposes. The company currently operates five manufacturing facilities across India: Surat, Tumb, Nandigram, and Chikhli in Gujarat, and the IndoSolar facility in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Polycab India; target of Rs 8300: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Polycab India Polycab reported strongest-ever Q2 with a stellar revenue growth of 30% y-o-y. Revenue growth was contributed by strong growth across segments C&amp;amp;W (24%), FMEG (21%) and Others (190%). Topline strongly beats our estimates. OPM fell by 355 bps due to high competitive intensity in wires segment, adverse product mix and higher spending on A&amp;amp;P expenses. Operating profit of Rs. 632 crore was up 3.7% y-o-y and company reported a PAT of Rs. 440 crore (3.6% y-o-y). Robust C&amp;amp;W volume growth is expected to continue, given a good capex outlook and a thriving real estate sector. EPC business is also on a strong growth trajectory. FMEG segment also did well in the quarter and with an increase in scale it will turn around its losses. Outlook Strong government and private capex with a growing real estate sector augurs well for growth of the company. We expect revenue/PAT to clock a CAGR of 20%/21%, respectively from FY24-27, with a good RoCE of 32%. Hence, we maintain a Buy rating on the stock with an unchanged PT of Rs 8300. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mastek; target of Rs 3610: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Mastek Reported revenues stood at $103.6 million, up 4.7% q-o-q/10.2% y-o-y in constant currency (CC) terms, beating our estimates of $101.5 million. EBITDA margin rose by ~125 bps q-o-q to 16.5%, beating our estimates of 16%. The company aims to operate EBITDA margins in the range of 17% to 17% plus. Company is confident of absorbing full impact of wage hike in Q3 through multiple margin levers and report good margin performance in Q3 and Q4. Outlook We maintain a Buy with revised price target (PT) of Rs. 3,610 (valued at 25xSep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 25.9/22.2/18.8x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1950: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Tech Mahindra Revenues stood at $1,589 million, up 0.7% q-o-q/ 1.2% y-o-y in CC terms, beating our estimates of $ 1,577 million. EBIT margin rose by ~110 bps q-o-q to 9.6%, beating our estimates of 9.0%.Net new deal win TCVs stood at $603 million, up 13% q-o-q. Margins are expected to steadily recover under Project Fortius, with the management prioritising margins over securing large deals. Outlook We maintain Buy with a revised price target of Rs 1950 (valued at 26x Sep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 33/25.3/20x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tata Consumer Products; target of Rs 1315: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Tata Consumer Products Tata Consumer Product Ltd’s (TCPL’s) Q2FY2025 performance was broadly in line with expectations with revenues growing by ~13% y-o-y (organic growth at 5%) and OPM rising ~50 bps y-o-y to 14.9%. Higher interest cost led to a ~6% y-o-y decline in PAT. Going ahead, Tata Salt is expected to perform well, corrective pricing action will drive recovery in NourishCo, Capital Foods and Organic India to witness q-o-q improvement in sales and India tea will see price-led growth. Organic revenue growth to gradually improve in quarters ahead. Margins to be under pressure in the coming quarters due to raw material price inflation. However, management is confident of margin improvement in the medium term on back of improved mix and efficiencies. Outlook Stock trades at 66x/52x/41x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E EPS, respectively. We maintain Buy with an unchanged PT of Rs. 1,315. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 2100: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank KMB reported a weak performance in Q2FY2025 although on expected lines led by NIM contraction, weak business momentum, and higher slippages in turn led to uptick in credit cost. Higher slippages were mainly from unsecured retail – credit cards and MFI segment. Stress has emerged in the old vintage book and would take 2-3 quarters to settle. The bank had already calibrated the risk framework in the unsecured segment last year and recent vintages continue to perform well. The bank has guided that it is on track to improve on the tech front, but timelines relating to overall submission to the RBI regarding lifting the embargo are still unclear. We remain constructive from a medium to long-term perspective. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised SOTP-based PT of Rs. 2,100, as the contribution of subsidiaries to the overall profitability has increased resulting into higher sub. value in our SOTP calculation. The stock is trading at 2.2x/1.9x its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: PNC Infratech hits 20% lower circuit on one-year ban from road ministry tenders [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of PNC Infratech hit 20 percent lower circuit at Rs 366 on October 21 after the Ministry of Road Transport &amp;amp; Highways disqualified the company and its two subsidiaries from participating in any of the ministry's tenders. In an exchange filing, PNC Infratech stated that it has been barred from tender processes for one year, effective October 18, 2024. The disqualification also applies to its subsidiaries, PNC Khajuraho Highways and PNC Bundelkhand Highways. The companies were summoned by the ministry for a personal hearing on October 18, following the FIR and charge sheet filed by the CBI in June and August 2024. The company clarified that ongoing development, construction, and operations &amp;amp; maintenance (O&amp;amp;M) activities would remain unaffected, while it will assess and communicate any potential impact on other operations. ALSO READ: Buy PNC Infratech; target of Rs 600: Sharekhan Despite the setback, PNC Infratech recently secured two significant orders worth Rs 4,630 crore from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation. The first contract, valued at Rs 2,268 crore, involves building the access-controlled Pune Ring Road. The second, worth Rs 2,362 crore, includes constructing a connector expressway to the Hindu Hrudaysamrat Balasaheb Thackeray Maharashtra Samruddhi Mahamarg from Jalna to Nanded. Both projects are slated for completion within 30 months under engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) models. Over the past three months, PNC Infratech’s stock has fallen more than 27 percent, underperforming the Nifty 50 index, which rose 1 percent in the same period. Of the 16 brokerages covering the stock, 12 have issued a 'buy' rating, 3 have a 'hold' rating, and 1 has a 'sell' rating.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Indiamart Intermesh shares tank 19% on Jefferies' downgrade despite decent Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Indiamart Intermesh tumbled 19 percent to Rs 2,447 in the morning trade on October 21 despite reporting a robust second-quarter earnings report which sparked a cautious outlook from analysts. The online B2B marketplace reported a substantial 94.7 percent year-on-year increase in net profit, reaching Rs 135.1 crore for the quarter ending September 30, 2024. While the company added 2,390 paid subscribers sequentially, collections growth slowed significantly, dipping to just 5 percent from 14 percent in the same period last year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Following the development, Jefferies downgraded the company to 'buy' to 'underperform', reducing its target price to Rs 2,540 per share. The international brokerage said that even as the company reported in-line Q2 results, subscriber growth remains weak, leading to a moderation in collections growth to just 5 percent year-on-year, a key negative from the quarter. Jefferies forecasts collections growth to range between 10-15 percent unless subscriber additions improve. The firm has also cut its estimates by 4-12 percent, citing a continued rise in subscriber churn despite multiple management interventions, which has been a negative surprise. The company's EBITDA margin improved to 38.7 percent, up from 27.2 percent in the same quarter last year, reflecting operational efficiencies. Deferred revenue also rose, totalling Rs 1,483 crore, marking a 19 percent increase YoY. Nomura maintained a 'Neutral' stance with a target price of Rs 3,150, pointing to weak collections and low subscriber additions as major factors dampening near-term prospects. The brokerage highlighted that, unlike previous trends, weak collection per customer growth is now coinciding with consistently low subscriber additions, averaging around 2,000 per quarter over the last five periods. At about 10:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 2,585, down 14.2 percent from the last close on the NSE. Indiamart Intermesh is currently trading way lower from its 52-week high of Rs 3,198.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Nestle India; target of Rs 2524: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Nestle India Nestlé's Q2FY25 performance fell below our expectations, primarily due to low consumer demand, the impact of a high base from H1FY24, and commodity headwinds. Increased competition has led to higher advertising and promotion (A&amp;amp;P) expenses, which in turn compressed EBITDA margins. Material costs came in above expectations, and management has indicated that these costs are likely to remain elevated in the near future. Other income was significantly lower than our projections. We lower our FY25E/FY26E EPS by 10.3% and 7.2%, respectively, mainly due to weak revenue performance in the quarter and headwinds in commodity prices, which impacted margin. Outlook We assign a P/E multiple of 65.1x (maintained) on FY26E EPS of INR 38.8 (previously: 41.8) to arrive at a target price of INR 2,524/share (previously: INR 2,721). Given the 6.1% upside potential, we maintain our ‘ACCUMULATE' rating on the shares of Nestle India. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: FIIs sell nearly $10 billion in secondary markets; shift focus to IPOs [/INST] The full article is as follows: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have sold nearly $10 billion in shares in the secondary markets so far in October, despite continuing to invest in the primary markets, where a wave of IPOs is emerging. FIIs have been net buyers in the primary market, accumulating $645 million in October to date. According to data from the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), FIIs were net sellers in the secondary markets for 12 consecutive sessions, offloading approximately $9.9 billion by October 17. Provisional data from the National Stock Exchange (NSE) further indicates that FIIs sold shares worth around Rs 5,485 crore on October 18. Catch all the market action on Moneycontrol's live blog Further, October has seen FIIs registering their highest-ever monthly outflow with the previous record for FII outflows witnessed in March 2020 at around $8.3 billion. Meanwhile, the primary market saw significant activity due to major IPOs, including Garuda Construction &amp;amp; Engineering and Hyundai Motor India Ltd, with a combined value exceeding Rs 28,000 crore. Additionally, five SME IPOs worth Rs 267 crore were launched in October. Ajay Bagga, an independent analyst, says that markets had already anticipated aggressive Fed rate cuts following the unexpected 50-basis-point reduction in September. Despite these expectations, recent US economic data indicating a robust economy while suggesting a “no-landing” scenario has driven a sustained rally in the US dollar over the past three weeks, leading to rising US yields, which typically have a negative impact on emerging markets (EM) capital flows. Consequently, India has experienced FII outflows, partly due to these factors and partly in response to China's stimulus measures, which significantly boosted Chinese markets. Analysts also highlight that Indian markets are trading at elevated levels with historically high valuations, which seem overly optimistic given the current economic backdrop of slowing growth, persistent inflation, high taxes, and elevated interest rates. Coupled with these challenging macroeconomic conditions, recent earnings reports across various sectors have been disappointing. These factors together have contributed to the sustained FII outflows from Indian markets. Kranthi Bathini, Director of Equity Strategy at WealthMills Securities, observed that a significant amount of speculative capital has flowed into India recently, with FIIs remaining net buyers even in September. However, the emerging valuation narrative suggests a &quot;sell India, buy China&quot; trend, as Chinese markets currently appear more attractive in terms of medium- to short-term valuations. As a result, some capital outflows from India are likely, they say while adding that despite this, flows from domestic institutional investors (DII) have remained robust, providing some support to the Indian markets.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kotak Mahindra Bank top Nifty loser as Q2 results disappoint Street, RBI embargo may weigh on outlook [/INST] The full article is as follows: Kotak Mahindra Bank shares fell over 4 percent to Rs 1,785 on October 21 after its September quarter results missed Street expectations. Weaker loan growth, higher slippages, shrinking margins, and the RBI's restrictions on its digital banking operations impacted the bank’s Q2 performance, with brokerages warning that these challenges could remain key concerns moving forward. Jefferies shared a 'hold' call on Kotak Mahindra Bank with a target price of Rs 2,080 per share, saying that the clarity on RBI embaro is key for future performance. Earlier this year, the RBI barred the private lender from onboarding new customers through its online and mobile banking channels and issuing fresh credit cards as deficiencies in the areas of IT inventory management was found. Goldman Sachs, too, remained cautious on the counter due to miss in Q2 results. The main feature disappointing in Kotak's Q2 performance were muted trends in asset quality. Both slippages and credit costs were higher than estimates, they noted. However, they retained a 'buy' call on the counter with a target price of Rs 2,286 per share as loan growth and pre-provision operating profit growth remained healthy. Kotak Mahindra Bank's net profit rose 4 percent year-on-year in Q2FY25 to Rs 3,344 crore, falling short of Street's estimated Rs 3,494 crore. Net interest income, meanwhile, jumped 11 percent YoY to Rs 7,020 crore in Q2FY25. However, net interest margin (NIM) moderated to 4.91 percent from 5.22 percent a year ago. ALSO READ: Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 results: Net profit rises 5% to Rs 3,344 crore, misses market estimates The major disappointment lied with its asset quality picture. Net NPAs (NNPAs) expanded to 0.43 percent from 0.37 percent, whereas gross non-performing assets (NPAs) shrunk to 1.49 percent by the end of September 2024 from 1.72 percent a year ago. JPMorgan analysts attributed the strain in asset quality due to 1.2 percent rise in net slippages amid pressure on cards and MFI business segments. CASA growth, too, remained muted at 4 percent YoY, with total deposit growth at 15 percent YoY and loan growth at 15 percent at YoY, they added, sharing an 'overweight' rating on the counter with a target price at Rs 2,030 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Short Call: Auto stocks may disappoint in Q2 as demand falters; Axis Bank, Wipro in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: Just when the two-wheeler industry seemed poised to lift the spirits of the automobile sector, a slowdown may be looming. Bajaj Auto has added to the mounting concerns, trimming its growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent—down from its earlier range of 5-8 percent. For context, two-wheeler sales in September took a sharp hit, falling 10 percent month-on-month and 8.5 percent year-over-year, as weak consumer sentiment, low inquiry levels, and dwindling foot traffic hurt demand. Seasonal factors like the Shraddh period, Pitrapaksha, and heavy rains further dampened the market, leading to delayed purchases and a subdued buying environment. Meanwhile, the passenger vehicle (PV) segment is in deeper trouble. Sales plunged by 10 percent MoM and a striking 18.81 percent YoY, highlighting a troubling trend of waning consumer interest and growing market pessimism. The combination of seasonal lulls, heavy rains, and an overall sluggish economy has left dealers sitting on alarmingly high inventory levels—around 7.9 lakh vehicles worth Rs 79,000 crore, according to FADA data, with inventory stretching to 80-85 days. With this backdrop, both dealers and OEMs are now pinning their hopes on festive season sales, especially in rural markets where favourable agricultural conditions and improved cash flow are expected to fuel demand. But the road ahead remains uncertain. A strong October is essential, not just to offload excess inventory but also to set the stage for steady growth through the rest of FY25. Axis Bank (Rs 1,196.95, 5.75%) Reported strong Q2 numbers. Bull Case: The bank’s asset quality showed improvement in Q2, easing concerns that arose after the Q1 results. Credit costs were much lower on a quarter-on-quarter basis, and one-off gains were used to bolster contingency provisions. The management holds a strong positive long-term outlook. Bear Case: Falling deposit growth and low credit offtake can impact the private sector lender, especially since loan and deposit growth were soft on a quarterly basis. For the quarter, core revenue growth remained subdued and growth concerns linger. Wipro (Rs 547.8, +3.6%) Shares gained after the IT giant delivered earnings that exceeded street expectations on all major fronts, marking its first sequential revenue growth in six quarters of decline. Bull Case: Has a strong deal pipeline and solid financials for the long term. Deal wins improved on account of vendor consolidation opportunities and AI-powered solutions. On the vertical front, BFSI sector showed a modest improvement of 0.3 percent QoQ. Bear Case: Wipro has a strong deal pipeline and solid financials for the long term. Its execution lags behind peers limiting the company's ability to fully capitalise on growth opportunities. Rising subcontracting costs and cross-currency headwinds may negatively impact the company's operating margins, as per Axis Securities. (With inputs from Neeshita and Zoya). </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1345: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Axis Bank AXSB’s Net Interest Income (NII) grew 9.5% YoY/ 0.3% QoQ to INR 134,832 Mn in Q2FY25. NII was in line with our estimates. PPOP (PreProvisioning Operating Profit) for the quarter was INR 107,125 Mn, a growth of 24.1% YoY (+6.0% QoQ) led by higher non-interest income. Net profit grew 18.0% YoY (+14.6% QoQ) to INR 69,176 Mn in Q2FY25. Gross slippages for Q2FY25 were driven primarily by the retail segment, especially in unsecured loans. The bank is actively managing risk by analyzing various factors such as indebtedness and customer profiles to mitigate slippage risk. AXSB continues to manage its balance sheet conservatively, aiming for strong growth while maintaining a robust credit-deposit ratio. Loan growth is calibrated to ensure it aligns with deposits and regulatory requirements. Outlook We have raised our EPS of FY25E by 2.5%, considering improving operating leverage while maintaining EPS for FY26E. We maintain our target price of INR 1,345 per share, applying a 2.0x P/ABV multiple to its FY26E adj. book value. We reiterate our rating at “BUY” on AXSB. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Doms Industries shares rise as Prabhudas Lilladher initiates with 'buy' [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Doms Industries Limited advanced over a percent to Rs 2,967 in morning trade on October 21, extending gains for a second session in a row, after Prabhudas Lilladher initiated coverage with a 'buy' call as it sees various levers for growth. With a 'buy' call and a price target of Rs 3,349, the domestic brokerage forecasts an upside potential of 14.5 percent from the last close of Rs 2,924 on the NSE. Doms Industries has already had a remarkable year, rallying a staggering 133 percent on year-to-date basis. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The brokerage highlights the company’s strong brand recognition, driven by its consistent product innovation. DOMS' well-established distribution network, which spans across India, plays a key role in its market reach and penetration, analysts said. Additionally, DOMS' backward integration strategy provides a competitive advantage, enhancing its cost structure and operational efficiency. The company’s superior research and development capabilities, supported by its collaboration with FILA, have further strengthened its technical expertise, allowing it to stay ahead of competitors. Looking ahead, DOMS Industries is expected to see a revenue and PAT compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 26 percent and 28 percent, respectively, over FY24-FY27. Its recent entry into the diaper market, along with plans to expand into ancillary categories such as footwear, apparel, confectioneries, and sports gear, broadens its addressable target market. These developments present significant growth potential for the company in the coming years. Back in April, BNP Paribas also initiated coverage with an 'outperform' rating suggesting that the company is a top school stationery and art materials firm in India, and has doubled its sales in recent years without any hefty ad spending. Popular with kids, its success stems from innovation and in-house manufacturing, offering value and strong margins. In the first quarter, the company reported a rise of 49.5 percent in consolidated net profit to Rs 54.3 crore, while its revenue rose 17.3 percent at Rs 445 crore. At about 9:20 am, Doms Industries' share price was trading at Rs 2,948, higher by 0.8 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gravita India shares rise 3% as Nuvama initiates with 'buy', sees 38% upside [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Gravita India were off to a positive start on the bourses on October 21, rising over 3 percent to Rs 2600 after Nuvama Institutional Equities initiated coverage on the counter with a 'buy' recommendation citing various levers for growth. With a 'buy' call and a price target of Rs 3,475, the brokerage anticipates an upside potential of 38 percent from the last close of Rs 2,514 on the NSE. Gravita India shares have rallied a massive 130 percent since the start of the year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Nuvama expects the availability of battery scrap for organized recyclers in India to rise, driven by a regulatory push. In September 2024, the Government of India introduced penalties for non-compliance with recycling obligations and implemented a reverse charge mechanism for GST on metal scrap purchases from non-institutional dealers. As a pan-India player, Gravita India (GRAV) is well-positioned to benefit from increased capacity utilization and volume growth, with recycled lead volumes set to rise significantly over the next few years. GRAV maintains a strong balance sheet and plans to fund future capex internally, keeping its debt levels manageable, the brokerage said in a note. The company’s high asset turnover and solid profit margins are expected to drive strong returns. Given the rising focus on ESG concerns and GRAV's growth prospects, the stock holds significant value potential. With its widespread geographic presence across North, West, and South India, GRAV is the largest recycled lead producer in the country. This reach allows the company to efficiently source scrap and serve a broad customer base, reducing competitive risks. Its well-established network positions GRAV to capitalize on growing demand in the recycling space. However, the brokerage has also highlighted risks. Any delays in commissioning capex plans could impact the company’s FY27 EPS by approximately 9 percent. In the existing segment, GRAV is banking on a shift in the recycled lead market from the informal to the formal sector in India. This shift is expected to support higher capacity utilization and drive a projected volume CAGR of 34 percent over FY24–27E. Any significant delays in this transition could result in lower-than-anticipated volume growth. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 2,553, higher by 1.7 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Infosys; target of Rs 2041: Religare Retail Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: Religare Retail Research report on Infosys Infosys reported increased in Q2FY25 constant currency revenue growth by 3.1%/3.3% QoQ YoY respectively. In rupee terms, revenue reached ₹40,986 crore, marking a growth of 4.3% QoQ and 5.1% YoY. Dollar revenue stood at USD 4,894 million, up by 3.8% QoQ and 3.7% YoY. The growth was primarily driven by the manufacturing, energy, communications, financial services and high-tech sector. However, retail and life sciences sectors experienced a decline. Geographically, India and Europe showed strong growth, while North America remained flat. Outlook On a financial front, we expect revenue/EBIT to grow by 6.2%/10.1% CAGR over FY24-26E as we have incorporated management guidance for FY25. We have retained our rating to Accumulate on the stock by revising the target price to Rs 2,041 by assigning a P/E multiple of 26x (unchanged) on FY26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC Bank jumps 4%, emerges top Nifty gainer as Street rejoices Q2 results, fall in CD ratio [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of HDFC Bank surged 4 percent to Rs 1,748 apiece on October 21 after Street gave thumbs up to its September quarter performance. Strong metrics was observed on all counts, with slight deterioation seen in asset quality picture. Brokerages maintained their positive outlook on the stock, with price targets suggesting potential upside of up to 28 percent from current levels. The consensus view is that the bank is on a stable path to address post-merger challenges as NII, profit metrics grow and credit to deposit ratio drops. Bernstein reaffirmed its 'outperform' rating, setting a target price of Rs 2,100 per share. The firm noted that HDFC Bank appeared resilient compared to its peers, which have struggled with shrinking margins and rising credit costs. According to Bernstein, HDFC Bank's robust fundamentals, particularly in a challenging environment, differentiate it from the rest of the sector. Goldman Sachs echoed this bullish sentiment, reiterating its 'buy' rating and offering the highest target price among brokerages at Rs 2,156 per share. Analysts said that HDFC Bank's core operating profits were in line with expectations, but it saw an improved outlook for future earnings. ALSO READ: HDFC Bank to sell up to Rs 10,000-crore shares in HDB Financial IPO; total public issue size at Rs 12,500 crore &quot;The core PPoP RoA of 2.7 percent marked a second consecutive quarter with improvement. While provisions were 10 percent lower than estimates, PAT beat Street estimates by 10 percent,&quot; they added. HDFC Bank's key financial metrics showed solid growth, with 6 percent year-on-year rise in September quarter net profit, while net interest income grew by 10 percent YoY. Its NIMs also stood at 3.46 percent in Q2FY25, in-line with Street estimates. The bank’s asset quality deteriorated, with gross non-performing assets (NPAs) at 1.36 percent in Q2FY25, compared to 1.33 per cent in Q1FY25, and 1.34 percent in Q2FY24. Net NPAs of the bank stood at 0.41 percent compared to 0.39 percent in Q1FY25. A notable highlight from the quarter was a sharp drop in the bank's credit-to-deposit (CD) ratio, which fell to 99.8 percent. This marked the first time the ratio has dropped below 100 percent since the merger with mortgage giant HDFC in July 2023. Without giving a timeline or a desired level, the management said it would like to bring down the level further. &quot;It will take another 2-3 years to get the CD ratio back to the pre-merger levels of 86-87 percent,&quot; said S Vaidyanathan, Chief Financial Officer of HDFC Bank on a concall post Q2 results release. In response to the latest results, Investec raised its target price for HDFC Bank to Rs 1,625 per share from Rs 1,650 per share. However, the firm maintained a 'neutral' rating, pointing out that the bank's slower credit growth could limit further reductions in the CD ratio. They also highlighted that CASA (current account savings account) growth remains a critical factor in driving profitability.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Garden Reach shares gain 4% on LoI worth Rs 491 crore from Ministry Of Defence [/INST] The full article is as follows: The share price of Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers rose more than 4 percent intraday on October 21, following the receipt of a Letter of Intent from the Ministry of Defence for a significant contract. At 09:35am, Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers was quoting at Rs 1,842.00, up Rs 76.85, or 4.35 percent, on the BSE. This contract, valued at around Rs 491 crore, involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, and commissioning of an Acoustic Research Ship (ARS), with a timeline of 36 months. Catch all the market action on our live blog Earlier in this month, the company received two letters of Acceptance of Award for Contract for design, build, operation and maintenance of Hybrid Electric Ferries under the WBIWTLSD Project, Transport Department, Government of West Bengal. Total 13 units comprising of 100 Pax Hybrid Electric Ferries for Cross Ferry Operation - Non-AC and 200 Pax Twin Deck Hybrid Electric Ferries for Cross Ferry Operation - With AC on Main Deck worth Rs 226.18 crore and to be executed in 30 months. Last month, the company received a USD 54-million order for the construction and delivery of four additional multi-purpose vessels from Germany-based Carsten Rehder Schiffsmakler and Reederei GmbH &amp;amp; Co.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a positive start on October 21, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,932, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Equity benchmark indices rebounded in trade on Friday after three days of decline after buying in banks, financial services and metal stocks. However, it underperformed the broader markets. The BSE Sensex closed 218.14 points higher to 81,224.75 on October 18. Sensex rebounded over 800 points in today's trading session from its day's low of 80,409.25. The NSE Nifty rose 104.20 points to 24,854.05. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Gains) The GIFT Nifty is trading higher, indicating a flat to positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,932 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asia’s benchmark stock index made modest gains, while gold touched a record high as tensions in the Middle East stoked demand for the asset as a haven Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.01 -1.87 8.52 Nikkei 0.06 -0.70 11.28 Hang Seng -1.02 -2.18 22.70 Taiwan 0.55 5.35 27.25 Kospi 0.63 -2.91 -6.24 US Equities (Gain) The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&amp;amp;P 500 chalked up record closing highs on Friday, with the Nasdaq also in positive territory, as markets were boosted by an earnings-driven jump in Netflix shares and broader gains across technology stocks. On Friday, the S&amp;amp;P 500 rose 23.20 points, or 0.40%, to 5,864.67 points, while the Nasdaq Composite advanced 115.94 points, or 0.63%, to 18,489.55. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 36.86 points, or 0.09%, at 43,275.91. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.09 2.57 16.01 S&amp;amp;P500 0.40 2.10 24.23 Nasdaq 0.63 1.65 24.45 US Bond Yield (Up) The US 10-year Treasury yield was up 14 bps at 4.08 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield rose 16 bps at 3.95 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.08 3.47 4.91 US 2-Year Treasury 3.95 3.59 5.07 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar index were trading with modest gain at around 103.50 in the early trade on Monday. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.47 100.72 106.16 Asian currencies (Higher) Except Thai Baht and Singapore Dollar, all other Asian currencies were trading higher in the early trade on Monday. On a Year-to-date basis, Thai Baht added the most followed by Malaysian Ringgit, Singapore Dollar and Japanese Yen. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.168 -0.943 -4.50 South Korean Won 0.047 -2.47 0.802 Japanese Yen 0.121 -3.86 3.66 Philippines Peso 0.186 -2.43 -0.393 Thai Baht -0.051 -0.646 11.79 Taiwan Dollar 0.050 0.056 1.90 China Renminbi 0.291 -0.300 1.92 Malaysian Ringgit 0.016 -2.39 10.93 Singapore Dollar -0.008 -1.51 3.94 Crude (Up) Oil prices steadied in early trading on Monday, following a more than 7% drop last week on worries about demand in China, the world's top oil importer, and an easing of concerns about potential supply disruptions in the Middle East. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.43 2.01 -2.97 Brent Crude 0.40 2.15 -4.82 Gold (Gains) Gold reached a record on Monday, with safe haven demand continuing to support prices as traders monitored escalating tensions in the Middle East and the increasingly tight US election race. Bullion climbed as much as 0.3% to an all-time high of USD 2,729.30 an ounce, topping last week’s peak by a few dollars. The bullish sentiment has also spilled over to silver, which was trading at the highest since 2012. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.26 3.54 32.23 Silver 0.39 8.66 42.31 LME Commodities (UP) Except Nickel all other commodities were prices were trading firm in the early trade on Monday with Aluminium added over 2 percent, while Copper and Zinc were up 1 percent each. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 2.29 0.02 9.56 Copper 1.15 -2.07 12.48 Nickel -0.64 -3.52 1.77 Lead 0.12 -1.15 0.17 Zinc 1.23 -0.05 16.23 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling as they sold equities worth Rs 5,485 crore on October 18, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 5,214 crore on the same day. 18th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -5,485.70 -64,794.58 -2,07,330.77 DII Net Flows 5,214.83 1,06,056.43 4,11,640.14 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: HDFC Bank, Tech Mahindra, JSW Steel, UCO Bank, JM Financial, MCX, Tata Consumer in focus on Monday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today UltraTech Cement, Union Bank of India, Bajaj Housing Finance, 360 ONE WAM, Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure, Aurionpro Solutions, Bhansali Engineering Polymers, CG Power and Industrial Solutions, City Union Bank, Cyient DLM, Gravita India, HFCL, Jana Small Finance Bank, Mahindra Logistics, NELCO, Route Mobile, Solara Active Pharma Sciences, and Supreme Petrochem will release quarterly earnings on October 21. Quarterly Earnings HDFC Bank Q2 (standalone YoY) Profit grows 5.3% to Rs 16,821 crore Vs Rs 15,976.1 crore Net interest income increases 9.9% to Rs 30,107.9 crore Vs Rs 27,385.2 crore Gross NPA rises to 1.36% Vs 1.33% (QoQ) Net NPA climbs to 0.41% Vs 0.39% (QoQ) Provisions and contingencies drop to Rs 2,700.5 crore Vs Rs 2,903.8 crore (YoY), but down from Rs 2,602.06 crore (QoQ) HDFC Bank to sell Rs 10,000 crore worth shares of HDB Financial Services via offer-for-sale in the proposed Rs 12,500-crore IPO, fresh issue size is Rs 2,500 crore HDFC Bank completes sale of 91% stake in HDFC Education for Rs 174.72 crore to Vama Sundari Investments Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit increases 4.8% to Rs 3,343.7 crore Vs Rs 3,191 crore Net interest income jumps 11.5% to Rs 7,019.6 crore Vs Rs 6,296.6 crore Provisions and contingencies surge to Rs 660.4 crore Vs Rs 366.55 crore Provisions and contingencies increase to Rs 660.4 crore Vs Rs 578.5 crore (QoQ) Net NPA rises to 0.43% Vs 0.35% (QoQ) Gross NPA climbs to 1.49% Vs 1.39% (QoQ) Kotak Mahindra Bank to acquire personal loan book of Standard Chartered Bank, India Tech Mahindra Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit zooms 46.8% to Rs 1,250.1 crore Vs Rs 851.5 crore Other income spikes 260.4% to Rs 521.5 crore Vs Rs 144.7 crore Revenue increases 2.4% to Rs 13,313.2 crore Vs Rs 13,005.5 crore Dollar revenue climbs 1.9% to $1,588.7 million Vs $1,558.9 million EBIT grows 16.2% to Rs 1,280.4 crore Vs Rs 1,102.3 crore Margin expands to 9.6% Vs 8.5% New deal wins at $603 million Vs $534 million Tata Consumer Products Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 0.04% to Rs 359.3 crore Vs Rs 359.2 crore Revenue grows 12.9% to Rs 4,214.5 crore Vs Rs 3,733.8 crore EBITDA jumps 16.6% to Rs 626.3 crore Vs Rs 537.1 crore Margin expands 50 bps to 14.9% Vs 14.4% RBL Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit plunges 24% to Rs 223 crore Vs Rs 294 crore Net interest income grows 9% to Rs 1,615 crore Vs Rs 1,475 crore Net interest margin drops to 5.04% Vs 5.54% Tax expenses stand Rs 69.04 crore Vs tax write-back at Rs 203.45 crore Net NPA rises to 0.79% Vs 0.74% (QoQ) Gross NPA climbs to 2.88% Vs 2.69% (QoQ) Multi Commodity Exchange of India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands at Rs 153.6 crore Vs loss of Rs 19.1 crore Revenue spikes 73% to Rs 285.6 crore Vs Rs 165.11 crore EBITDA at Rs 179.4 crore Vs EBITDA loss of Rs 28.7 crore UCO Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit surges 50% to Rs 602.7 crore Vs Rs 401.7 crore Net interest income grows 20% to Rs 2,300.3 crore Vs Rs 1,916.6 crore Gross NPA drops to 3.18% Vs 3.32% (QoQ) Net NPA falls to 0.73% Vs 0.78% (QoQ) Jindal Saw Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 33.6% to Rs 475.3 crore Vs Rs 355.8 crore Revenue rises 1.9% to Rs 5,571.9 crore Vs Rs 5,466.2 crore EBITDA grows 13.7% to Rs 914.1 crore Vs Rs 804 crore Margin expands to 16.4% Vs 14.7% Dalmia Bharat Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit tanks 60.5% to Rs 49 crore Vs Rs 124 crore Revenue declines 2.09% to Rs 3,087 crore Vs Rs 3,153 crore EBITDA falls 26.8% to Rs 434 crore Vs Rs 593 crore Margin drops 470 bps to 14.1% Vs 18.8% Oberoi Realty Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 29% to Rs 589.4 crore Vs Rs 456.8 crore Revenue grows 8.4% to Rs 1,319.9 crore Vs Rs 1,217.4 crore EBITDA increases 27.5% to Rs 813.8 crore Vs Rs 638.2 crore Margin expands sharply to 61.6% Vs 52.4% Mangalore Refinery &amp;amp; Petrochemicals Q2 (Standalone YoY) Loss stands at Rs 682.3 crore Vs profit of Rs 1,059.3 crore Revenue jumps 29% to Rs 24,967.9 crore Vs Rs 19,353.3 crore PC Jeweller Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands Rs 178.9 crore Vs loss of Rs 138.1 crore Revenue grows 12.4% to Rs 505 crore Vs Rs 449.2 crore Finance cost drops significantly to Rs 1.6 crore Vs Rs 123.7 crore L&amp;amp;T Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 16.9% to Rs 695.6 crore Vs Rs 595.1 crore Revenue rises 25.06% to Rs 4,019.3 crore Vs Rs 3,213.8 crore Jio Financial Services Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 3.1% to Rs 689.07 crore Vs Rs 668.2 crore Revenue from operations grows 14.05% to Rs 693.5 crore Vs Rs 608 crore Mastek Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 104.8% to Rs 128.7 crore Vs Rs 62.8 crore Revenue grows 13.3% to Rs 867.4 crore Vs Rs 765.5 crore Netweb Technologies Q2 (YoY) Profit spikes 70% to Rs 25.7 crore Vs Rs 15.14 crore Revenue zooms 73.2% to Rs 251.06 crore Vs Rs 144.98 crore Rossari Biotech Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit climbs 7.2% to Rs 35.3 crore Vs Rs 32.9 crore Revenue increases 3.1% to Rs 498.4 crore Vs Rs 483.5 crore Punjab &amp;amp; Sind Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 26.7% to Rs 239.6 crore Vs Rs 189.09 crore Net interest income jumps 29.3% to Rs 872.9 crore Vs Rs 674.9 crore Gross NPA falls to 4.21% Vs 4.72% (QoQ) Net NPA drops to 1.46% Vs 1.59% (QoQ) Lloyds Engineering Works Q2 (YoY) Profit zooms 48.7% to Rs 27.9 crore Vs Rs 18.8 crore Revenue jumps 74.2% to Rs 212.1 crore Vs Rs 121.8 crore Indostar Capital Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 27.9% to Rs 31.7 crore Vs Rs 24.8 crore Net interest income surges 68.2% to Rs 157.2 crore Vs Rs 93.5 crore Stocks To Watch JSW Steel Jsquare Electrical Steel Nashik, a wholly owned subsidiary of JSW JFE Electrical Steel—a 50:50 joint venture between JSW Steel and JFE Steel Corporation—has entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire 100% stake in thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel India for Rs 4,051.4 crore. JM Financial The Reserve Bank of India has lifted the restrictions imposed on JM Financial Products, a material subsidiary of the company, with immediate effect. The RBI had restricted the company from financing against shares and debentures in March this year. Now, the company is allowed to provide financing against shares and debentures. Alembic Pharmaceuticals The pharma company has received final approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) for its abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for Diltiazem Hydrochloride extended-release capsules USP in 120 mg, 180 mg, and 240 mg. These capsules are used for the treatment of hypertension. Godrej Properties The company has acquired 3 acres of land in Ahmedabad, which has a development potential of 0.9 million square feet of saleable area. This area comprises premium residential apartments with an estimated booking value of Rs 1,300 crore. Dodla Dairy The dairy company has completed the acquisition of a 35.23-acre land parcel in Dharashiv, Maharashtra, for setting up a plant. Wipro The company has incorporated its step-down subsidiary, Wipro Life Science Solutions, LLC, in the US, effective October 10, to explore new business opportunities in the life sciences segment. Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers The company has received letters of intent for a contract worth Rs 491 crore from the Ministry of Defence. The contract involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, commissioning, and supply of one Acoustic Research Ship (ARS). Canara Bank The Bank of Tanzania has approved the sale of assets and liabilities of Canara Bank Tanzania to Exim Bank Tanzania, leading to the eventual winding up of Canara Bank Tanzania. KPIT Technologies The Board will consider fundraising via the issuance of equity shares or any other instruments on October 23. Additionally, the company's wholly owned step-down subsidiary, PathPartner Technology GmbH in Germany, has been voluntarily liquidated effective October 2. Star Cement Vinit Kumar Tiwari has resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of the cement company, effective October 18, due to personal reasons. MOIL The company has signed a draft joint venture agreement with Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation (MPSMCL) for carrying out exploration and mining activities, including value addition projects in Madhya Pradesh. This agreement is subject to the approval of the respective Boards and the Government. CG Power and Industrial Solutions The Board will meet on October 21 to consider fundraising via the issuance of equity shares, debentures, warrants, preference shares, or any other equity-linked securities. PG Electroplast The Board has approved the issuance of equity shares or other convertible securities worth up to Rs 1,500 crore via Qualified Institutions Placement. Bank of Maharashtra The lender has increased its marginal cost of funds-based lending rate for tenure of more than six months by 5 basis points from 9% to 9.05%, effective October 19. PTC Industries The company has executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Rcapital, Liam Marc Bevington, Kevin Andrew Mooney, and Paul Brian Young for the acquisition of 100% shareholding in Trac Precision Solutions. Trac specializes in designing and manufacturing precision-engineered components for the aviation, defence, and power generation markets, with a presence in the United Kingdom. HMA Agro Industries The company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Perbadanan Kemajuan Pertanian Selangor (Selangor Agricultural Development Corporation), a government entity from the state of Selangor, Malaysia, for joint collaboration for the supply of frozen boneless buffalo meat and exploring other initiatives. Bulk Deals Inox Wind iShares Global Clean Energy UCITS ETF bought a 0.52% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 222.3 per share, amounting to Rs 151.72 crore. MTAR Technologies iShares Global Clean Energy UCITS ETF and iShares Global Clean Energy ETF sold a 1.42% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,681.39 per share, valued at Rs 73.52 crore. VA Tech Wabag iShares Global Water UCITS ETF bought a 1.03% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,875.14 per share, valued at Rs 120.2 crore. However, UBS Principal Capital Asia sold a 0.81% stake at an average price of Rs 1,869.73 per share, amounting to Rs 94.32 crore. Stock Turns Ex-Dividend JNK India F&amp;amp;O Ban Aarti Industries, Birlasoft, Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Hindalco, HDFC Life Insurance, Mazagon Dock, Tube Investments, MCX India and others on Monday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices rebounded smartly from a two-month low, with the Nifty 50 rising 0.4 percent on October 18 after three days of losses; however, the market breadth was weak. About 1,311 shares declined against 1,183 shares that advanced on the NSE. The index may extend its upward trend in the upcoming session but overall remains consolidative. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Rajesh Palviya, Senior Vice President Research (Head Technical Derivatives) at Axis Securities Multi Commodity Exchange of India | CMP: Rs 6,561 MCX India is in a strong uptrend across all time frames, forming a series of higher tops and bottoms, indicating bullish sentiment. The stock is well positioned above its 20, 50, 100, and 200-day SMA (Simple Moving Average), which are also inching up along with the price rise, reaffirming the bullish trend. The daily, weekly, and monthly strength indicator RSI (Relative Strength Index) is in positive territory, justifying the rising strength across all time frames. Investors should buy, hold, and accumulate this stock with an expected upside of Rs 7,000-7,150, with a downside support zone of Rs 6,280-6,000. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,000, Rs 7,150 Stop-Loss: Rs 6,280 Hindalco Industries | CMP: Rs 753.5 On September 26, Hindalco decisively broke out of an &quot;Inverse Head and Shoulder&quot; formation at the Rs 718 level on a closing basis. With the price action over the past three weeks, the stock managed to hold the neckline support and rebounded sharply. Recently, the stock has recaptured the 20-day SMA support of Rs 733 and bounced sharply. The daily, weekly, and monthly strength indicators RSI are also in positive territory, reinforcing the bullish sentiment. Investors should buy, hold, and accumulate this stock with an expected upside of Rs 800-835, with a downside support zone of Rs 725-710. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 800, Rs 835 Stop-Loss: Rs 725 Samvardhana Motherson International | CMP: Rs 205 On the daily chart, Samvardhana Motherson International is trending within an &quot;up-sloping channel,&quot; indicating a bullish trend. The stock is in a strong uptrend across all time frames, forming a series of higher tops and bottoms, showing bullish sentiment. The stock is well positioned above its 50, 100, and 200-day SMA, which are also moving up along with the price rise, reaffirming the bullish trend. Investors should buy, hold, and accumulate this stock with an expected upside of Rs 223-232, with a downside support zone of Rs 195-190. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 223, Rs 232 Stop-Loss: Rs 195 Rajesh Bhosale, Technical Analyst at Angel One Tube Investments of India | CMP: Rs 4,489 For the past few months, Tube Investments of India prices have been trading within a range of Rs 4,400 to Rs 3,900. However, last week (ended October 18), they broke above the upper end, confirming a bullish breakout. This pattern is known as a channel breakout, and following the recent consolidation, the stock appears poised for strong upside, potentially moving into uncharted territory. Prices are well above key moving averages, and oscillators remain in the positive zone, reinforcing the buy signal. Hence, we recommend buying Tube Investments of India around Rs 4,480-4,470. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,800 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,300 HDFC Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 742.5 HDFC Life Insurance Company had already shown a bullish breakout on the weekly chart but consolidated within a range due to subdued market conditions. Last week, prices broke out of a continuation pattern known as a Pennant. The increase in volume over the last few sessions further supports this breakout. Additionally, both the daily and weekly RSI (Relative Strength Index) have crossed above 60, signaling strong positive momentum. Hence, we recommend buying HDFC Life Insurance Company around Rs 743-740. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 800 Stop-Loss: Rs 714 Torrent Power | CMP: Rs 1,973.65 Torrent Power prices have consistently followed a positive trend, forming higher tops and higher bottoms. Over the past few weeks, prices struggled around Rs 1,960, but last week they closed above that level, entering uncharted territory in this sluggish market, indicating inherent strength. We anticipate this outperformance to continue, given the price structure and positive signals from various indicators. Hence, we recommend buying Torrent Power around Rs 1,974-1,970. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,120 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,904 Jigar S Patel, Senior Manager - Equity Research at Anand Rathi BEML | CMP: Rs 4,039 BEML has recently formed a Triple Bottom pattern near its 200-day Exponential Moving Average (DEMA), indicating strong support at this level. This is coupled with a bullish divergence in the daily RSI, a sign that the stock's downward momentum is weakening, making the setup more attractive for potential buyers. In the latest trading session, BEML broke past its previous swing high of Rs 3,900 and has managed to sustain above that level, further strengthening the bullish outlook. As a result, we recommend entering a long position in the stock between Rs 4,000 and Rs 4,050, targeting an upside of Rs 4,500. A stop-loss should be placed at Rs 3,780 on a daily closing basis to limit downside risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,500 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,780 Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders | CMP: Rs 4,526.4 Since reaching a peak of Rs 5,843 on July 5, 2024, Mazagon Dock has formed a series of lower highs and lower lows, leading to a significant 34 percent correction in its price. Currently, the stock has found support at its 100-day (DEMA) and has formed a double bottom pattern, which is a bullish reversal signal. In the previous trading session, Mazagon Dock also broke through a descending trendline, further enhancing its attractiveness from a technical perspective. Additionally, the RSI has risen above the 50 level, which previously acted as resistance and now serves as support. Given these factors, we recommend buying Mazagon Dock in the price range of Rs 4,475 to Rs 4,530, with an upside target of Rs 4,950. A stop-loss should be placed at Rs 4,275 on a daily closing basis to manage risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,950 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,275 JK Paper | CMP: Rs 489.55 Over the past month, JK Paper has been trading in a consolidation range between Rs 445 and Rs 475, and it has recently broken out of this zone, indicating potential upward movement. Notably, this consolidation phase occurred between the 100-day and 200-day DEMA, which is considered a positive technical signal, as it suggests a stable base for further gains. Additionally, the RSI, which had been consolidating between 40 and 50, has also given a breakout and is now retesting 52-53 levels. Based on these indicators, it is recommended to take a long position in the stock within the Rs 482 to Rs 492 range, targeting an upside of Rs 535, with a stop-loss at Rs 463 on a daily closing basis to manage risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 535 Stop-Loss: Rs 463. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC Bank expects slower credit growth in FY25; maintains steady NIMs amid rate cut prospects [/INST] The full article is as follows: HDFC Bank's credit growth is expected to lag behind the industry in FY25 but align with the overall industry growth rate by FY26, according to Sashidhar Jagdishan, Managing Director and CEO of HDFC Bank, during the Q2FY25 conference call. By FY27, the bank anticipates outpacing the industry in credit growth. Jagdishan also addressed the impact of potential future rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India, stating that they are unlikely to significantly affect the bank's net interest margins (NIMs). While quarterly fluctuations in NIMs may occur due to the gradual nature of rate changes, the overall margin is expected to remain stable. HDFC Bank reported a 5 percent increase in net profit year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 16,821 crore in the July-to-September quarter. The lender's net interest income (NII) rose 10 percent YoY to Rs 30,114 crore. HDFC Bank's gross non-performing assets (GNPA) stood at 1.36 percent in Q2FY25, marginally higher than 1.33 percent at the end of the preceding quarter. HDFC Bank's net NPAs stood at 0.41 percent, increasing from 0.39 percent quarter-on-quarter (QoQ). Also Read | HDFC Bank to sell up to Rs 10,000-crore shares in HDB Financial IPO; total public issue size at Rs 12,500 crore Total deposits grew 15.1 percent YoY to Rs 25 lakh crore in the July-September quarter. In the July-September quarter, gross advances of the bank increased by 7 percent YoY to Rs 25.19 lakh crore. Retail loans grew by 11.3 percent, and commercial and retail banking grew by 17.4 percent. However, corporate and other wholesale loans were lower by 12 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kotak Mahindra Bank eyes tractor demand revival in H2 despite flat growth in H1 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Kotak Mahindra Bank's tractor financing business remained flat in the first half of the financial year, following an 8 percent decline in the previous year as it faced challenges from erratic climatic conditions and a slower rural economy, said Shanti Ekambaram, said Deputy Managing Director and Whole Time Director at Kotak Mahindra Bank. However, the lender continues to focus on the segment as it expects a revival in tractor demand in H2FY25 because of the government's rural infrastructure push, she said in Kotak Mahindra Bank's Q2FY25 conference call. She added, &quot;We also expect the cash flow in the rural and semi-urban areas to improve and hope to see better collection efficiencies in a tractor in H2.&quot; Also Read | Kotak Mahindra Bank says ‘actively working’ on RBI directive about credit cards, digital customer acquisition The bank's micro-credit segment fell by 4 percent in Q2FY25 and is expected to slowdown in the current quarter as well, said Ekambaram. The slowdown was driven by over-leveraged borrowers and weaker rural household incomes, leading to increased delinquencies, said the management. The bank expects the slowdown to continue over the next two to three quarters. Kotak Mahindra Bank reported a net profit of Rs 3,344 crore for Q2 FY25, a 4.8 percent increase year-on-year (YoY). The private sector bank’s net interest income (NII) in the July-September quarter rose 11 percent year-on-year to Rs 7,020 crore. The lender's net interest margin (NIM) moderated to 4.91 percent from 5.22 percent a year ago. Also Read | Kotak Mahindra Bank’s NIM shrinks in Q2, as lender says secured loan book grew, IPO funds added pressure Kotak Mahindra Bank's deposits saw steady growth, with average total deposits increasing by 16 percent YoY to Rs 4.46 lakh crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market falls continue in third week, rupee flat [/INST] The full article is as follows: Market extended the losing streak in the third consecutive week ended October 18 amid high volatility led by muted Q2 earnings expectations, continues FII outflows and ongoing Middle East tensions. This week, BSE Sensex was down 156.61 points or 0.19 percent to end at 81,224.75, while the Nifty50 index shed 110.25 points or 0.44 percent to finish at 24,854. BSE Mid-cap Index shed 1 percent with Indraprastha Gas, Oil India, Colgate Palmolive (India), NHPC, Exide Industries, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Godrej Industries, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, United Breweries, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electrical falling 5-16 percent. However, gainers included Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, MphasiS, Tube Investments of India, Torrent Power, Federal Bank, Godrej Properties, Voltas, ICICI Securities. The BSE Large-cap Index slipped 0.7 percent dragged by Bajaj Auto, Avenue Supermarts, Bandhan Bank, Zomato, LTIMindtree, Nestle India, while gainers included Adani Energy Solutions, HDFC Asset Management Company, Wipro, DLF, ICICI Bank. The BSE Small-cap index ended flat. Nalwa Sons Investment, Precision Camshafts, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, Renaissance Global, IFB Industries, Kalyani Investment Company, Sanghvi Movers, Va Tech Wabag, Pilani Investment and Industries Corporation, Best Agrolife, Pennar Industries, PC Jeweller, Angel One added 15-43 percent. On the other hand, Magellanic Cloud, Heubach Colorants India, Manappuram Finance, Sudarshan Chemical Industries, Kamdhenu Ventures, Mahanagar Gas, Quick Heal Technologies, Valor Estate, KEI Industries, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, SpiceJet lost 10-24 percent. On the sectoral front, Nifty Auto index slipped nearly 5 percent, Nifty Metal index fell nearly 2 percent, Nifty Media, FMCG and Oil &amp;amp; Gas index shed 1.5 percent each. On the other hand, Nifty Bank index up nearly 2 percent, Nifty PSU Bank index added 1 percent, and Nifty Realty index gained 0.6 percent. In terms of the market value, ICICI Bank added the most, followed by HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro. On the other hand, Bajaj Finance, Infosys, Mahindra and Mahindra lost the most of their market-cap. During the week, Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling as they sold equities worth Rs 21,823.34 crore, which was compensated by Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) as they bought equities worth Rs 16,384 crore. In the month till now, the FIIs sold equities worth Rs 80,217.90 crore, while DIIs purchased equities worth Rs 74,176.20 crore. The Indian rupee ended on flat note at 84.07 per dollar in the week ended October 18.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: FIIs net sell shares worth Rs 5,485 crore, DIIs net buy Rs 5,214 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: On October 18, Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) net bought shares worth Rs 5,214 crore. On the other hand, Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) net sold shares worth Rs 5,485 crore, provisional data from NSE showed. DIIs bought Rs 13,850 crore worth of shares and sold shares worth Rs 8,635 crore. Meanwhile, FIIs purchased Rs 12,348 crore in shares and offloaded equities worth Rs 17,834 crore during the trading session. In the year so far, FIIs have net sold shares worth Rs 2.19 lakh crore, while DIIs have bought shares worth Rs 4.92 lakh crore. At close, the Sensex was up 218.14 points or 0.27 percent at 81,224.75, and the Nifty was up 104.20 points or 0.42 percent at 24,854. Axis Bank, Wipro, Eicher Motors, ICICI Bank, Shriram Finance were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers included Infosys, Britannia Industries, Nestle India, HUL and Asian Paints. &quot;Broad market indices underperformed compared to the Nifty even as the advance decline ratio fell to 0.90:1. And Asian shares traded mostly higher on Friday after China’s central bank released plans for supporting the stock market through share repurchases by companies and major shareholders,&quot; said Deepak Jasani, head of retail research at HDFC Securities. He added that European equities were mixed on Friday as investors assessed another round of underwhelming earnings updates, which added further to the debate over the strength of the region’s economy and traders rolled back expectations of interest-rate cuts in the face of solid retail sales.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 18 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty bounced back from early losses to close in the green on October 18, as several sectoral indices recovered. Banking and auto stocks led Nifty's gains, while IT and FMCG sectors saw declines. Banking stocks rose by 1 percent ahead of the highly anticipated Q2 FY25 results from HDFC Bank and Kotak Mahindra, due on October 19. At close, the Sensex was up 218.14 points or 0.27 percent at 81,224.75, and the Nifty was up 104.20 points or 0.42 percent at 24,854.00. Zomato | CMP: Rs 259 | Shares fell over 4 percent ahead of the food delivery aggregator's board considering fundraising through qualified institutions placement (QIP) on October 22. However, the company did not disclose the quantum of funding it is looking to raise.The foodtech giant’s board would also consider and approve its financials for the quarter ended September 2024 on the same day. Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders | CMP: Rs 4,552 | Shares soared over 7 percent as the company announced plans to mull stock split and interim dividend in its board meeting on October 22, Tuesday. The company has also fixed the record date of Wednesday, 30 October 2024 for the purpose of payment of interim dividend on equity shares for the financial year 2024-25, if declared by the board. Tejas Networks | CMP: Rs 1,180 | Shares soared nearly 5 percent in the run-up to the company's Q2 earnings, due to be released later in the day. The upmove in the stock was also triggered by a surge in trading volumes in the counter. As much as 18 lakh shares of Tejas Networks changed hands on the exchanges so far, significantly higher than the one-month average traded volume of four lakh shares. Tanla Platforms | CMP: Rs 827 | Shares tanked 3.5 percent as investors flew the stock after the company reported dismal earnings for the July-September period. The company's net profit sank 9 percent on year to Rs 130.2 crore while revenue fell one percent to Rs 1,000.70 crore. Revenue from the company’s digital platforms segment declined nearly 8 percent year-on-year to Rs 88 crore. However, Tanla Platforms noted that excluding the impact of Vodafone Idea, the segment's revenue actually grew by 16 percent. Infosys | CMP: Rs 1,885 | Shares of IT giant slipped over 4 percent after the company delivered a slight miss in its Q2 earnings.The company reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, reflecting a 2.2 percent sequential increase, though it fell short of Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations grew 4.2 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 40,986 crore, slightly missing the forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. Wipro | CMP: Rs 548 | Shares of Wipro surged nearly 4 percent after the IT giant delivered earnings that exceeded street expectations on all major fronts, marking its first sequential revenue growth in six quarters of decline. Wipro's consolidated net profit for Q2 FY25 rose by nearly 7 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 3,209 crore, surpassing Moneycontrol's estimate. City gas distribution | City gas distribution (CGD) players Indraprastha Gas and Mahanagar Gas shares cracked up to 10 percent after announcing that the priority gas allocation of gas to the CGDs is being cut sharply to ~50 percent, from levels of ~70 percent currently. The managements of both companies expect an adverse impact on their profitability and are in discussions with key stakeholders to minimise the impact. Manappuram Finance | CMP: Rs 154 | Manappuram Finance’s stock crashed around 13 percent after the RBI barred the gold financier’s subsidiary Asirvad Microfinance and other NBFCs from disbursing loans. The Reserve Bank of India’s action also led to brokerages downgrading their ratings on Manappuram Finance. According to the central bank, there were concerns regarding the pricing policy of these NFBCs, which are deemed to be in excess and not in compliance with the regulations. Axis Bank | CMP: Rs 1,197 | Shares of Axis Bank jumped 6 percent as it delivered an impressive second quarter with net profit surging to Rs 6,917.57 crore, driven by robust core lending income amid strong credit demand. Following this performance, several brokerages have issued bullish calls on the stock. Ajmera Realty &amp;amp; Infra India | CMP: Rs 867 | Shares advanced 8 percent after the company raised Rs 225 crore on preferential allotment of shares to marquee investors. The board of directors of the company in their meeting held today approved the allotment of 31.64 lakh shares with a face value of Rs 10 per equity share to allottees on preferential basis. Shares were issued at an issue price of Rs 711 per equity share which is a discount of 11.66 percent to Thursday's closing price of the counter.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Infosys; target of Rs 2110: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Infosys Infosys Q2FY25 result earnings came largely in line with our projections. Revenue reached INR 4,09,860 Mn, reflecting a 5.1% YoY increase (+4.3% QoQ), in line with our estimates, driven by broad-based growth across key verticals and regions. EBIT of INR 86,490 Mn grew by 4.5% YoY (+4.4% QoQ), in line with our projections; EBIT margins remained flat QoQ at 21.1%, however, seeing a marginal drop of 12bps YoY. PAT jumped by 4.8% YoY (+2.2%QoQ) to INR 65,160 Mn; PAT margins declined by 4bps YoY (-31bps QoQ) to 15.9%. Outlook We project FY26E EPS of INR 72.8 assigning a P/E of 29.0x (in line with TCS FY26 P/E), to arrive at a TP of INR 2,110 (previously: INR 1,933) reflecting INFO’s robust growth across verticals, pick-up in the BFSI segment, and improving discretionary spending boosted by recent rate cuts. Accordingly, we retain an “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of Infosys Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1350: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Axis Bank Despite 9% YoY growth in NII, Axis Bank (Axis) reported Q2FY25 PAT of INR 69.2bn, up 18% YoY, driven by strong treasury gains (INR 11.1bn) and contained opex. The bank utilised favourable tax provisions w-back (INR 5.4bn) towards prudential provisions (INR 5.2bn). Core NIM was flattish QoQ at 3.99% as cost of deposits was flat. Gross retail slippages remained elevated at ~2.7% annualised, though overall net NPA ratio (at 34 bps) was unchanged QoQ and net credit cost improved QoQ to 54bps. We increase our credit cost estimate to ~70bps each for FY25/26E, given the rising stress in unsecured retail loans. Business growth was muted at ~2% QoQ and advances growth (up 11.4% YoY) is now below systemic growth. We expect strong business seasonality for Axis in H2 and build in ~5/4% QoQ growth for next two quarters in deposits / advances. However, given the weak H1 and elevated LDR (92%), we cut loan growth estimate to ~13% YoY for FY25E. CET 1 stands reasonable at 14.12%. Outlook We estimate Axis to deliver RoA of ~1.65%/1.6% and RoE of ~16/15% for FY25/26E, respectively. Risk rewards appear favourable with stock trading at ~1.6x FY26E core banking and &amp;lt;11x FY26E EPS. Maintain BUY with revised TP of INR 1,350 (vs INR 1,430 earlier), valuing the stock at ~1.9x (~2.0x) FY26E core banking business and INR 126 per share of subsidiaries. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Havells; target of Rs 2120: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Havells Havells reported strong performance in B2C segment with 20% revenue growth YoY. Broad-based growth across segments led to strong revenues but higher operational costs weighed on margins. Takeaways: (1) Higher consumer demand led to strong double digit revenue growth in key segments of ECD, cables and Lloyd. Weakness in industrial switchgear business impacted overall segmental growth (+3.3% YoY). (2) Higher ad spends (due to the festive season) and staff cost weighed on EBITDA margin. With normalisation in these costs, EBITDA margin may recover in H2FY25E. (3) Lloyd’s segmental growth (+18.5% YoY) was driven by non-RAC businesses. (4) Capex intensity may continue as the company aims to spend INR 19bn over the next two years. We cut FY25/26E earnings by 5.6%/3.1% to factor in Q2FY25 result. Outlook At our DCF-based revised TP of INR 2,120, the stock trades at 68x FY26E EPS and 56x FY27E EPS. We remain positive on Havells led by its diversified business model, established brands and sub-segmentation strategy. Maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Nestle; target of Rs 2350: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Nestle Nestle’s Q2FY25 revenue growth was disappointing; it further de-accelerated to 1% YoY (vs 4% in Q1FY25) due to subdued consumer demand (urban has been witnessing decelerating demand trends over last few quarters). Gross margin was largely flat (despite significant inflation in key inputs) while EBITDA margin declined ~155bps YoY to 22.4% due to operating deleverage. Higher prices of key raw materials (cocoa, coffee etc.), margins are likely to remain under pressure. That said, Nestle appears to have a market share gain opportunity given the relative immunity from cocoa inflation as its key brands KitKat and Munch have lower cocoa content vs competition (~5% vs ~20% in Cadbury). Outlook Though we considered upgrading Nestle post stock underperformance of ~20% over last 12 months, we are unable to find any fundamental reasons, as of now. Maintain HOLD with revised TP of INR 2,350. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Polycab India; target of Rs 6790: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Polycab India Takeaways: (1) Polycab reported robust broad-based revenue growth YoY led by favourable demand tailwinds. All segments reported strong double digit revenue growth YoY. (2) EBITDA margin at 11.5% (-295bps YoY) was at two-year low. We reckon high volatility in commodity prices and inferior product mix weighed on margins. Revival in contribution of high margin domestic wires and cables led by reduction in low margin EPC business may lead to EBITDA margin expansion in FY26. (3) FMEG segment reported strong revenue growth at the cost of margins. We reckon the trend may continue in near term as the company aims to expand its market share. (4) Capex intensity has remained high. Polycab is on track to spend INR 10- 11bn in FY25, highlighted by INR 5.8bn on capex until Sep’24. We believe the strong revenue growth trajectory may continue in FY25E led by favourable demand tailwinds. Maintain HOLD. Outlook We model Polycab to report revenue/PAT CAGR of 18.5%/19.4% over FY24–27E and RoCE of 20% in FY27E. Maintain HOLD with DCF-based revised TP of INR 6,790 (earlier: INR 6,400; implied P/E of 39x FY26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Tata Communication; target of Rs 1855: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Tata Communication Tata Communications’ (TCom) H1FY25 revenue print was muted due to subdued orderbook in FY24, and longer deal conversion cycle. However, it has built a large sales funnel, which started showing benefits in H1FY25 with a few very large deal wins, and orderbook expanding by 25%. Further, new sales forces also started contributing to funnel, and it could help accelerate order booking. TCom still aspires to achieve digital business revenue of INR 180bn in FY27 (vs INR 44bn in H1FY25), and end FY25 with 20% EBITDA margin. It has made significant progress in monetisation of non-core asset on excess land. It is also reviewing other non-core assets which could help unlock value. Outlook Our estimates remain unchanged with TP of INR 1,855 based on 30x FY26E EPS. Maintain HOLD. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Wipro; target of Rs 500: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Wipro Wipro’s (WPRO) 0.6% QoQ CC revenue was ahead of our and consensus estimates. BFSI-led growth was in line with the results announced so far in the sector, marking third consecutive quarter of BFSI vertical growth for WPRO. Q2FY25 saw good execution with 3/6 verticals showing positive QoQ growth, net headcount addition, 14.5% YoY large deal TCV uptick and 35bps QoQ margin expansion. However, WPRO faces the problem of all verticals/ segments not growing simultaneously in harmony and that still persists. There was continued weakness in manufacturing, energy &amp;amp; utilities. Europe is experiencing client-specific issues. Outlook Q3FY25 guidance at -2% to 0% QoQ CC is muted, pencilling in higher furloughs, contrary to what peers have indicated, partially due to Capco led additional furloughs. Maintain REDUCE with a revised TP of INR 500 (from INR 520 earlier) at 20x P/E on Q3FY26E- Q2FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Tanla Platforms stock tanks after firm reports weak Q2 numbers [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Tanla Platforms tanked close to 7 percent on October 18 as investors flew the stock after the company reported dismal earnings for the July-September period. The company's net profit sank 9 percent on year to Rs 130.2 crore while revenue fell one percent to Rs 1,000.70 crore. Revenue from the company’s digital platforms segment declined nearly 8 percent year-on-year to Rs 88 crore. However, Tanla Platforms noted that excluding the impact of Vodafone Idea, the segment's revenue actually grew by 16 percent. Additionally, EBITDA margins for the quarter contracted by 198 basis points year-on-year to 17.5 percent, mainly due to lower gross profit growth and an increase in indirect costs. At 1.20 pm, shares of Tanla Platforms were trading at Rs 827.85 on the NSE, though still in the red but off its day's low of Rs 800.30. Furthermore, the selloff in the stock today was also triggered by heavy trading volumes as nine lakh shares changed hands so far, higher than the one month daily traded average of four lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action During Q2, the company faced higher cloud and hosting charges as part of its infrastructure revamp initiatives. Employee costs also rose on the back of salary increments, net additions, and restricted stock unit (RSU) expenses. Furthermore, there was a rise in marketing and general expenses, although this was partially offset by forex gains. All of these factors, when combined weighed on the company's operating margins as well as bottomline. &quot;Amidst the dynamic landscape, we have navigated shifts effectively while building a foundation for sustained growth. With strategic investments in OTT, platform innovation, and investment for future growth, Tanla is positioned to drive impactful industry shifts,&quot; Uday Reddy, Founder Chairman and CEO of Tanla Platforms said in an exchange filing. Reddy also remarked another deal that Tanla signed with one of the largest banks in India this quarter for Wisely ATP.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Mphasis; target of Rs 3050 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mphasis Mphasis reported a steady performance in Q2 with revenues came in at US$ 421 mn, up 2.4% QoQ CC (2.7% QoQ USD) above our est. (1.9% QoQ CC) &amp;amp; consensus est. (2.4% QoQ USD). Direct revenue grew by 2.4% QoQ CC. The growth was led by TMT vertical (+5.5% QoQ), while BFS and Insurance continued their recovery with +3.2% &amp;amp; +1.9% QoQ respectively. Americas region grew by 2.4% QoQ. EBIT margin improved by 40bps QoQ to 15.4%, inline with estimates. TCV was soft in quarter at US$ 207 mn, down 35.1% QoQ &amp;amp; 18.8% YoY due to delay in deal closures. The Q2 growth was broad-based in terms of Vertical mix, Service lines and Geo stand point. The key vertical BFSI (60% of rev) accelerated its growth momentum in Q2 with healthy recovery in sub-segments coupled with decent uptick in refinance volume within mortgage space. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 28x/24x FY26E/FY27E. Given the valuations have stretched and all positives are already factored into the price, we maintain “HOLD” on MPHL assigning PE of 25x to FY27E with a target price of Rs 3,050. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Nestle India; target of Rs 2689 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Nestle India NEST displayed a weak quarter of low-single digit topline amid muted consumption demand, continued food inflation &amp;amp; volatile commodity prices. Near term outlook remains tepid given 1) volatility in consumer demand due to rising food inflation 2) higher prices of inputs like coffee, cocoa and edible oils, which might require price hikes 3) rising competition in key category of Instant Noodles (60% of tonnage volumes) and Dairy. Long term drivers remain intact, led by 1) sustained innovation pipeline 2) focus on premiumisation 3) huge scope of growth in coffee, RTD &amp;amp; Chocolates 4) higher growth in channels like E-Com (8.3% of sales) and MT and 5) likely benefits from Rs50bn capex plan over next 3 years (1H25 capex at~Rs11bn). Outlook We cut our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 6.0%/6.3%/6.7% given 1) likely margin headwinds as input costs of cereals, edible oil, coffee &amp;amp; cocoa are moving up and 2) delayed volume recovery due to likely price hikes in coffee and chocolates and competition in Instant Noodles and Dairy. We cut our DCF based target price to Rs. 2689 (Rs.2862 earlier). Although near term outlook remains uncertain, accumulate at lower levels for LT gains. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Wipro; target of Rs 580 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Wipro Wipro's Q2 results were notably stronger than expectations, with both revenue and margins exceeding expectations. It reported IT Services revenue of US$ 2.6 bn, up 0.6% QoQ CC compared to our &amp;amp; cons. est. of flattish quarter. Capco continues its positive momentum but weakness in few segments &amp;amp; client specific issues restricts broad based recovery. Margin performance was impressive during quarter despite 1-month impact of wage hike. Deal wins were robust with TCV of US$ 3.6 bn &amp;amp; large deal wins of US$ 1.5 bn. However, after an impressive Q2 the outlook still remains soft as Q3 will be marked by furloughs due to which company is guiding for revenue guidance of -2 to 0% QoQ CC growth in Q3. As anticipated the growth momentum within Capco continued in 2Q with 3.2% QoQ CC growth, which is a third consecutive quarter of delivering growth above 3% QoQ. Outlook We estimate revenues/earnings CAGR of 4.1%/8.8% over FY24-FY27E. The stock is currently trading at 20x FY27E. We are assigning P/E of 22x to FY27E with a target price of Rs580. We maintain “ACCUMUALTE” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Engineers India; target of Rs 250 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Engineers India EIL is well-positioned to capitalize on the large pipeline of refinery &amp;amp; petrochemical capex in India, which is driven by rising oil &amp;amp; petchem demand and the government’s focus on reducing petchem imports. The company is also strongly focused on enhancing its green energy business by engaging in projects in green hydrogen &amp;amp; ammonia production, biofuels, and coal gasification. It also aims to diversify its business towards non-oil segments such as infrastructure. Meanwhile, on the international front, EIL is focusing on key oil &amp;amp; gas markets such as the Middle East and Africa. Increased execution of a strong order book worth over Rs110bn, and rising share of high-margin Consultancy segment in the mix will aid EIL’s profitability. However, the pace of execution will be a key monitorable. We believe EIL’s long-term growth prospects remain intact given the 1) healthy order book &amp;amp; project pipeline, 2) opportunities in energy transition, 3) growing exports business, and 4) lean balance sheet. The stock is trading at a P/E of 28.2x/20.5x on core FY25/26E EPS. Upgrade to ‘Buy’. Outlook We upgrade Engineers India (EIL) to ‘Buy’ from ‘Accumulate’ given the recent correction in the stock price, with an unchanged SoTP-derived TP of Rs250, valuing the Consultancy/Turnkey segments at a P/E of 25x/10x on FY26E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1530 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Axis Bank AXSB saw a soft quarter as core PAT was 2.3% below due to lower NII driven by weaker loan offtake while asset quality saw a blip on account of higher gross slippages as stress in unsecured continues. Bank commentary suggested that due to focus on optimised returns, corporate and retail growth would be calibrated considering the risk-reward profile and challenges in the unsecured segment. Hence, AXSB may prefer on profitability over growth in the near term. We cut loan growth by 2%/1% in FY25/26E as (1) constrained deposit flow may restrict loan growth in short term (2) CET-1 is lower to peers at ~14% and (3) LDR remains elevated at 92%. Favorable tax order of Rs5.5bn allowed buffer creation of Rs5.2bn taking the total contingent provisions to Rs55.2bn or 55bps of net loans. Outlook We reduce core PAT for FY25/26E by 1.7%/4.3% owing to lower loan growth. We maintain multiple at 2.2x and but as we roll forward to Sep’26E ABV, we raise TP to 1,530 from Rs1,425. Retain ‘BUY’.We upgrade Engineers India (EIL) to ‘Buy’ from ‘Accumulate’ given the recent correction in the stock price, with an unchanged SoTP-derived TP of Rs250, valuing the Consultancy/Turnkey segments at a P/E of 25x/10x on FY26E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Infosys; target of Rs 2260 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Infosys INFY reported another strong quarter with revenue of US$ 4.9 bn, up 3.1% QoQ CC (in-line of PLe &amp;amp; above cons. est. of 2.9% QoQ CC). Manufacturing &amp;amp; Europe led growth in Q2; aided by In-Tech integration led the growth. EBIT margin was flat at 21.1% vs PLe &amp;amp; cons. est. of 40 bps &amp;amp; 30 bps improvement due to higher amort. &amp;amp; variable pay headwinds offset by project maximus gains &amp;amp; currency benefits. Lumpy nature of wins kept large deals wins at US$2.4 bn vs US$ US$ 4 bn in Q1. Strong H1 performance, deal pipeline, &amp;amp; traction in below US$ 50 mn deals has led to revision of revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5% CC growth while the margin guidance is maintained at 20-22%. INFY reported another quarter of broad-based growth with continued momentum in the key verticals and geographies, part of the growth (0.8% QoQ) was led by In-Tech integration. The sub-segments within Fin Services have recovered meaningfully in Q2, partly aided by improving spends on the discretionary areas. Outlook We estimate USD revenues/earnings CAGR of 8.1%/12.1% over FY24-FY27E. The stock is currently trading at 24x FY27E, we are assigning P/E of 27x to FY27E with a target price of INR 2,260. We maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy LTIMindtree; target of Rs 7360 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on LTIMindtree LTIM reported strong revenue growth of 2.3% QoQ CC (USD 2.8% QoQ), in line with our estimates of 2.3% CC and above consensus estimates of 2.4% USD QoQ. The growth was broad-based across verticals and geographies with healthcare growing by 6.1% QoQ while BFSI sustained its growth momentum with 3.9% QoQ growth. EBIT margin grew by 50 bps QoQ to 15.0% vs our estimates of 30 bps improvement largely due to absence of one off visa expense incurred in Q1. Deal wins were steady in Q2 with bookings of US$ 1.3 billion, including a multi-year large deal of US$200 million TCV. The company executed strongly with broad-based growth across verticals and geographies aided by healthy momentum within BFSI coupled with strong recovery in other parts of the portfolio. Despite having strong momentum across BUs, the nature of the engagement continues to be cost-focused while discretionary continues to get deprioritized. Outlook With strong execution strategy and robust sales engine, LTIM is well positioned to play in the challenging environment with a mix of cost and transformation programs. We are baking in USD revenue/earnings CAGR of 9.7% and 13.7%, respectively. We are assigning P/E of 32x to FY27E with a target price of INR 7360. Maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Finance; target of Rs 360: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Mahindra Finance As the company's Mission 2025 nears its finishing line, it has been a case of ‘glass half full’. With Q2FY25 business updates already lowering expectations on growth and the asset quality front, we believe the negativities around growth, asset quality, and profitability are already priced-in with MMFS shares down 17% QTD Q3FY25 (vs NIFTY down ~4% and NIFTY Midcap down 3%). Notwithstanding some setbacks caused by the confluence of internal and external factors, we see the management's medium-to-long term strategy to deliver diversified and profitable growth to be gradually progressing on the right track. Overall, beyond the gradual expansion toward 2.2% in the near term, beginning of the rate-cut cycle, rebound in tractor sales, seasonal improvement in asset quality, absence of MFI and unsecured PL exposure, and the palatable valuation at FY26E P/B of 1.6x make a strong BUY case for MMFS. Outlook We upgrade MMFS to BUY with our revised Sep-25E TP of Rs360 (implying FY26E P/BV of 2x; up from Rs280 earlier), as we see the inflection point for MMFS in terms of growth, asset quality, and profitability to be around the corner. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karur Vysya Bank; target of Rs 300: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Karur Vysya Bank Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) continues to deliver strong earnings growth with PAT at Rs4.7bn and peer-best RoA at ~1.7%, driven by strong and stable margins @4.1%, contained opex, and higher recoveries from w-offs. Credit growth moderated a bit to 14.6% due to the bank’s strategy to pull-out from the low yielding corporate book and deceleration in the PL/VF book; however, it continues to grow its secured LAP/GL book. Improvement in overall asset quality is maintained with GNPA ratio reducing to a low of 1.1%/NNPA at 0.3%, while shoring-up specific PCR to 75% and also building contingent/floating provision buffers. The only upset during 2Q was the continued fall in LCR to 128% (135% in Oct-24) from 185% in 1Q due to re-working instructions given by the RBI auditors for a few banks. Outlook We largely retain our earnings estimates, and expect the bank to continue delivering superior RoA/RoE at 1.7%/17-18% over FY25-27. We retain BUY with revised TP of Rs300 (earlier Rs275), rolling fwd at 1.6x Sept-26E ABV. KVB remains our top pick among SMID PVBs given strong RoA, asset quality, capital/provision buffers, and management stability. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Tejas Networks stock climbs 7% ahead of Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Tejas Networks surged 7 percent on October 18 in the run-up to the company's Q2 earnings, due to be released later in the day. The upmove in the stock was also triggered by a surge in trading volumes in the counter. As much as 18 lakh shares of Tejas Networks changed hands on the exchanges so far, significantly higher than the one-month average traded volume of four lakh shares. At 11.36 am, shares of Tejas Networks were trading at Rs 1,194 on the NSE. Aside from today's sharp swing, the stock has remained rather weak in the past three months as it shed close to 17 percent of its value. Meanwhile, Tejas Networks also anticipates completing the deployment of all necessary network equipment and infrastructure for the rollout of 4G services at Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) by the end of this fiscal year. In addition to the 4G deployment, the company expects to successfully conclude its network equipment trials with Vodafone-Idea by the end of this month, according to N. Ganapathy Subramaniam, advisor for telecom strategic initiatives at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and chairman of Tejas Networks' board of directors, a report by Live Mint said. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action At the current pace, Tejas Networks, in collaboration with TCS, aims to deploy 75,000 network sites, or towers, by the end of this year. The complete network is expected to be fully deployed and operational for customers by the end of this fiscal year. &quot;Some delays in the network deployment process are due to the remoteness of certain sites, which poses challenges related to power availability and other infrastructure issues. However, our network is nearly ready,&quot; the report stated. TCS had secured a $1.83 billion contract from BSNL for this network deployment back in May last year, which is anticipated to be completed within two years, marking it as one of the largest telecommunications contracts globally.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1400: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Axis Bank Axis Bank reported another soft quarter with credit growth slipping to 11% YoY, while higher slippages/w-offs led to elevated provisions (including contingent provisions). However, higher treasury gains and favorable tax judgement led to 10% PAT beat at Rs69bn. Credit growth moderation was mainly driven by contraction in low-yielding corporate book and retail book (housing/ VF/ PL). On the asset quality front, the bank indicates that stress in unsecured loans remain elevated, but is hopeful of some relief in 2H. On recent draft guidelines on overlapping business between bank and NBFC subsidiaries, the bank plans to seek clarification from RBI. Given lower CET 1 at ~14%, Axis Bank shall raise capital at an opportune time. Factoring in slower credit growth and higher LLP, we trim our earnings estimates by 1-4% over FY25-27E. Outlook However, we retain BUY with unchanged TP at Rs1,400, valuing standalone bank at 1.8x Sep-26E ABV and subsidiaries at Rs100. The long awaited MD &amp;amp; CEO term extension by the RBI will be keenly watched in the near term. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Nestlé India; target of Rs 2400: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Nestlé India Q2 result was weaker than street and our expectations, wherein sales growth was 1% (5% below expectations) and adjusted earnings declined 9% (14% below expectations). EBITDA margin saw 150bps YoY contraction amid surge in A&amp;amp;P spends; gross margin remained steady at 56%. Amid inflationary stress, Nestlé India’s core categories saw demand pressure. Factoring in muted topline show in 1H, we lower revenue expectations by 3% over FY25-27. We cut our earnings 8% for FY25E and ~3% over FY26-27E. The recent stock correction has priced in near-term pressure, reflecting in 1Y fwd P/E at 62x near -1 SD (5Y avg). Outlook We downgrade Nestlé India to REDUCE from Add with a 14.3% cut in TP to Rs2,400 amid sustained topline pressures; our target valuation multiple reduces to 60x (~10% discount to last 5Y avg. fwd. P/E of 67x). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Financials, oil & gas, auto, FMCG see huge selling by FIIs between October 1-15 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Foreign investors, who have been major sellers in October so far, have significantly reduced their holdings in the financial, oil &amp;amp; gas, automotive, and FMCG sectors. Foreign investors offloaded over Rs 66,000 crore worth of Indian equities between October 1-15. This persistent FII selling was driven by geopolitical tensions, elevated market valuations, and anticipation of subdued earnings growth for the September quarter. Additionally, the sell-off followed the announcement of economic stimulus measures by China in response to its slowing economy. Financial stocks experienced the highest selling pressure, with outflows amounting to around Rs 23,274 crore. This was followed by significant sell-offs in the oil &amp;amp; gas and automotive sectors, totaling Rs 12,371 crore and Rs 8,131 crore, respectively. Other notable sectors impacted by selling included FMCG (Rs 6,818 crore), consumer services (Rs 4,633 crore), information technology (Rs 2,727 crore), power (Rs 2,678 crore), and healthcare (Rs 2,376 crore). The telecom and construction sectors also saw outflows of around Rs 1,600 crore and Rs 1,426 crore, respectively. During the September month, FIIs have bought around Rs 27,200 crore in financial stocks which was biggest during the month followed by healthcare, realty, FMCG and capital goods which saw buying between Rs 4,000-6,600 crore. Meanwhile, FIIs have shown interest in sectors such as chemicals, metals &amp;amp; mining, and utilities, with purchases worth Rs 552 crore, Rs 222 crore, and Rs 127 crore, respectively.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karur Vysya Bank; target of Rs 265: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on Karur Vysya Bank Karur Vysya Bank reported its Q2FY25 results broadly in line with our estimates with a slight upward beat on advances/deposits/profitability. The CASA growth remained a miss for the bank due to low momentum in CASA accounts and depletion of balances in the existing accounts. While the bank is replacing its lower yielding corporate loans with the higher yielding segments, its margins have sustained above the earlier guidance of remaining above 4% which is expected to sustain in the coming quarters as well. Owing to increasing costs of deposits and flattish rise in yields in incremental loans, net interest income increased by 3.5% QoQ/15.8% YoY (1.2% above our estimate) leading to a PAT growth of 3.3% QoQ/25.1% YoY (3% above our estimates). Outlook We continue to remain positive on the growth prospect of the bank and expect KVB’s NII/PAT to grow at 15.3%/24.3% CAGR over FY24-27E with ROA to remain at 1.8% in FY26E. We maintain Buy rating on KVB with a target price of Rs 265, valuing the bank at 1.7x of its Sept’26 Adj. BV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karur Vysya Bank; target of Rs290: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Karur Vysya Bank Stable NIM and strong traction in non-interest income led to KVB’s sturdy Q2 operating performance, which, combined with moderate provisions kept profitability strong, with 1.72% RoA (up 2bps q/q). Overall asset quality improved. Key positives were: 1) strong credit growth in core retail and SME segments, 2) moderate slippages, 3) NIM persisting above 4.1% and 4) a strong balance sheet. With credit growth likely in high-teens and modest credit costs, earnings are expected to be strong. Outlook We retain our Buy rating, with a higher 12-mth TP of Rs.290, 1.5x P/ABV on the FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1300: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Axis Bank Steady balance sheet growth and high non-interest income growth led to healthy 18% y/y PAT growth for Axis Bank. Its focus on granularisation and an agile management would drive ~15% operating profit growth over FY24-26. On the sharp drop in the stock since Aug’24, we upgrade our recommendation to a BUY. At our TP, the stock would trade at1.8x P/BV on the FY26e book (unchanged), with subsidiaries valued at Rs57 a share. Outlook Our Rs.1,300 TP stems from the two-stage DDM model. This implies a ~1.8x P/BV multiple on its FY26e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate HDFC Asset Management Co; target of Rs 5388: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HDFC Asset Management Co In Q2FY25, revenue stood at INR 8,872 Mn, an increase of 38.0% YoY/ 14.4% QoQ, led by strong AUM growth and sequential improvement in blended yields. Revenues were 2.3% better than our estimates. Net profit for Q2FY25 grew by 31.8% YoY (-4.5% QoQ) to INR 5,767 Mn, driven by healthy growth in the operating performance. HDFCAMC continues to work closely with HDFC Bank to boost market share and increase SIP contributions through the bank’s distribution channel. The company's expansion into B-30 markets, along with consistent performance in equity-oriented funds, is strengthening its path of growth. We revised our EPS estimates upward for FY25E and FY26E by 8.7% and 15.6%, respectively, primarily driven by higher AUM growth led by the equity market optimism. Outlook We are applying a P/E multiple of 38x on FY26E EPS of INR 141.8 to arrive at a target price of INR 5,388 per share (earlier INR 4,905), an upside of 11.6% over the CMP. We downgrade our rating to “ACCUMULATE” from “BUY” on the shares of HDFCAMC based on the share price appreciation. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Life Insurance Co; target of Rs 845: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HDFC Life Insurance Co In Q2FY25, the Gross Written Premium (GWP) amounted to INR 169,275 Mn (+13.3% YoY). The GWP fell short of our estimates due to lower-than-anticipated renewal premium growth. The Annualized Equivalent Premium (APE) was INR 38,540 Mn in Q2FY25. APE was 2.7% better than our estimates for the quarter. The Value of the New Business (VNB) grew by 16.9% YoY/ (+30.0% QoQ), driven by strong new business growth across different products. VNB was 3.4% lower than our estimates. HDFCLIFE is well-positioned for sustainable growth in the upcoming quarters due to management's strategic flexibility in dealing with regulatory impacts and disciplined pricing, as well as a strong solvency ratio. Outlook Therefore, we maintain our BUY rating on the stock with a target price of INR 845 per share (unchanged), and we have assigned a P/EV multiple of 2.7x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Waaree Energies IPO; KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey, Waaree Energies Ltd Waaree Energies Limited stands as a prominent leader in India’s renewable energy sector, particularly in solar PV module manufacturing. Headquartered in Mumbai, the company has established itself with a reputation for innovation, technological excellence and sustainability. Its state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and advanced production capabilities enable it to produce high-quality solar modules that meet both domestic and international standards. Waaree’s commitment to green energy extends beyond manufacturing, as it actively contributes to India’s renewable energy goals, supporting the transition to clean energy. With its diverse product portfolio and a strategic focus on expanding solar infrastructure, the company plays a pivotal role in addressing the increasing demand for sustainable energy solutions while promoting environmental stewardship and reducing carbon footprints globally. Valuation and Outlook At a P/E ratio of 33.9x, Waaree offers an attractive investment opportunity in India’s booming renewable energy market. Based on these factors, we recommend a “Subscribe” rating for the upcoming IPO. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Polycab India share price slumps 5% despite in-line Q2 earnings; brokerages remain bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Polycab India fell over 5 percent on October 18 even after the electrical goods company reported in-line earnings for the quarter ended September 2024. The firm reported a 3.6 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit to Rs 445.2 crore. The wires and cables maker's total income rose to Rs 5,574.6 crore in the reporting period from Rs 4,253 crore a year ago period. Jefferies has issued a 'buy' call on Polycab India with a target price of Rs 8,315 per share. The company achieved its highest-ever Q2 sales, driven by a robust 28 percent growth in domestic Cables &amp;amp; Wires (C&amp;amp;W). Wires growth outpaced that of cables. However, operating profit margins were affected by increased competition and changes in the product mix, noted Jefferies. The Fast-Moving Electrical Goods (FMEG) segment posted healthy 18 percent sales growth, but losses in this segment persist, it added. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Polycab India is India's largest manufacturer of wires and cables and one of the fastest-growing FMEG companies with a consolidated turnover of Rs 122 billion in FY22. The company's business operations span across India through 23 manufacturing facilities, 15 plus offices and 25 plus warehouses. Nuvama has also retained a 'buy' rating on Polycab with a target price of Rs 8,340 as it believes that the company should continue to grow at higher than industry growth. Further, Polycab’s rising focus on global C&amp;amp;W market can potentially add a next leg of growth. Exports, though only 10 percent of C&amp;amp;W revenue, are growing much faster and are higher margin, the brokerage said. &quot;Polycab, similar to what it executed for its domestic business, has already started converting its exports business from an order-led template to a distribution-led one. Moreover, FMEG has already seen a distribution rejig and we think that, when demand turns, revenue upturn should lead to a much sharper margin spike than what the Street anticipates,&quot; said Nuvama. At 9:51 am, Polycab India shares were trading 3 percent lower at Rs 6,910.35 on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 24 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 30 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 25 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Infosys share price: Infosys stock slips 4% after slight miss in Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IT giant Infosys slipped as much as 4 percent in opening trade on October 18, a day after the company delivered a slight miss in its Q2 earnings. The company reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, reflecting a 2.2 percent sequential increase, though it fell short of Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations grew 4.2 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 40,986 crore, slightly missing the forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. Brokerage firm Morgan Stanley had forecasted the possibility of a bit of stock correction for Infosys in the near-term, largely due to its earnings miss. However, the brokerage also advised investors to build fresh positions during such a potential correction. On the technical level, Morgan Stanley sees a strong support coming in for the stock at its five-year average free-cash-flow multiple--which sits at Rs 1,780. Much like Morgan Stanley's expectations, Infosys shares reached a day's low of Rs 1,889 shortly after the market opened, but the fall was quickly absorbed as buyers stepped in.. Likewise, the stock came sharply off its lows and at 09.24 am, it was trading at Rs 1,936.85 on the NSE. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action American Depository Receipts (ADRs) of Infosys had also slipped 4 percent to its day's low on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) overnight, but pared much of its losses to eventually settle just 1 percent lower. Despite the marginal miss on earnings, the IT major raised its FY25 revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5 percent in constant currency terms, an increase from the previous quarter’s range of 3-4 percent. Infosys' revenue guidance lift was driven by improved and broad-based Q2 performance, increased volumes, and growth in its small-deal pipeline. The company's operating margin guidance for FY25 remained steady at 20-22 percent. Brokerages regarded the guidance upgrade as a hint towards a revival in discretionary spending. Names like Nomura and Nuvama Institutional Equities further believe that Infosys will turn out to be a key beneficiary of the revival in discretionary spending in the sector.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: United Spirits shares fall as Macquarie maintains 'underperform' [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of United Spirits Limited were off to a weak start on the bourses on October 18 after it fell over a percent to Rs 1,507 after Macquarie maintained its 'underperform' recommendation on the counter citing stiff competition may likely hamper growth prospects. With a price target of Rs 1,100, the international brokerage forecasts a downside potential of 28 percent from the last closing price of Rs 1,528. United Spirits shares have been on a decent run, rallying almost 40 percent since the start of the year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The international brokerage suggests that Pernod India, a key competitor, has indicated that it is outpacing the industry, reporting 2 percent sales growth in the September 2024 quarter. Pernod expects this sales momentum to fully reverse in the quarter ending December 2024, with strong growth anticipated for the fiscal year ending June 2025. India has become the largest market by volume and the second-largest by value for French spirits giant Pernod Ricard, known for brands like Absolut, Chivas Regal, and Glenlivet. Pernod Ricard's Indian portfolio also includes well-known IMFL brands such as Royal Stag, Blenders Pride, and Imperial Blue. India now accounts for 12 percent of Pernod Ricard’s global revenue, with the U.S. remaining the company's top market by value. As per reports, Pernod Ricard India (PRI) reported consolidated revenue of Rs 25,039.47 crore for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. Although not publicly traded, the company is second only to United Spirits, owned by Diageo, in the Indian market. In the first quarter of FY25, United Spirit's net profit grew around 2 percent year over year to Rs 485 crore, up from Rs 477 crore. Revenue also rose 3.5 percent to Rs 2,761 crore, up from Rs 2,667 crore in the corresponding quarter of the preceding fiscal year. Even though the topline and bottom line growth seems modest, it was still above what most brokerages anticipated. The company's growth was anticipated to be weak on year due to inflation's impact on price-sensitive consumers. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 1,510, lower by 1.3 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1400: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Axis Bank PAT at Rs. 6,918 crore (up 18% y-o-y/ 15% q-o-q) saw a large beat due to reversal of tax provisions (~Rs. 550 crore, one off) along with higher treasury gains partially offset by higher credit cost (~89 bps as % of avg. loans vs 84 bps q-o-q). The bank chose to set aside additional contingent provisions aggregating to Rs. 520 crore against the tax provisions reversal. On the asset quality front, although net slippages were lower q-o-q but write-offs were significantly higher (largely from unsecured retail segment with few CBG &amp;amp; wholesale accounts). Stress in unsecured retail segment does not seem contagious but credit behavior of the portfolio is still key monitorable. On the positive side, operating performance was stable across NIMs, fee income and opex thus core operating profit was in-line (10% y-o-y/ flat q-o-q) although loan growth moderated on expected lines given slower deposit growth. Outlook We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 1,400 given valuations are already factoring in intermittent headwinds and risk reward is attractive. Stock currently trades at 1.8x/1.5x/ its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Infosys; target of Rs 2270: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Infosys Revenue was strong at $4,894 million, up 3.1% q-o-q in constant currency (CC) terms, nearly in line with our estimate of $4,897 million. EBIT margins was flat q-o-q at 21.1%, missing our expectations of 21.3%. The company closed 21 large deals with TCV of $2.4 billion, down 41% q-o-q/68% y-o-y. FY25 revenue growth guidance raised to 3.75-4.5% from 3-4% in constant currency terms while maintaining OPM guidance for FY25 at 20-22%. Outlook We maintain Buy with revised PT of Rs. 2,270 (valuing at 30x Sep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 31/27.2x/24.3x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market Minutes|Market in the thick of earnings, will it offer fresh triggers? Infosys, Wipro, Axis Bank in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: nan. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 11,940: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on Bajaj Auto Bajaj Auto Limited (Bajaj) reported Q2 FY25 topline growth of 20.6% yoy and 10% qoq as volumes in the domestic markets were up by 22% yoy on demand uptick seen in both 3W and 2W industry. During the quarter, domestic motorcycles grew by 26% yoy. The growth was due to success of &amp;gt;125 cc bikes, Triumph expansion, EV 3W and Chetak success. Exports grew steadily by 7% as well on a yoy basis as LATAM grew well and Africa showed slow recovery. Motorcycle exports grew by 5% yoy, while 3W exports grew by 21% yoy. Triumph and Chetak also pulled up a good show in Q2 as Chetak gained market share. EBITDA was up by 24.3% yoy to ₹26.5 bn, while margins moved up to 20.2% bps yoy from 19.8%, and flattish qoq. Margins were up mainly on better cost management, operating leverage, improved product mix, favorable forex and stable commodity costs. All other cost items below operating levels remained more or less range bound, however, bottomline adjusted for an exceptional item of ₹2.11 bn to account for a cumulative one-time impact on deferred tax on investment income due to changes in tax structure was up by 21% yoy. Outlook We estimate revenue / EPS CAGR of 19% / 22% over FY24-26E. Maintain BUY with FY26E TP of ₹11,940 (30x PE). Slowdown in domestic 2W market and slower than expected recovery in exports remain key risks to our argument. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 18, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks Farmers in Maharashtra have sown rabi crops over 64,782 hectares as of Monday, down 64% from 180,661 hectares sown in the corresponding period last year, according to the season's first rabi acreage report published by the state's agriculture department. The normal rabi acreage for the period, which is an average of the five years, from 2016 to 2021, is 5.4 million hectares. The acreage under wheat as of Monday was 115 hectares, up from 17 hectares sown last year. The area under maize was 6,683 hectares, down from 11,860 hectares a year ago. Similarly, the acreage under jowar fell to 57,063 hectares from 161,965 hectares a year ago, according to the report. The area sown under all pulses was 849 hectares, down from 6,653 hectares in the same period last year, the report showed. Under pulses, the acreage under chana fell to 657 hectares from 6,639 hectares a year ago. Oilseed acreage across the state so far was 69 hectares, down from 163 hectares a year ago. Under oilseeds, the area sown under safflower was 23 hectares, down from 157 hectares sown in the corresponding period last year. Sunflower acreage rose to 30 hectares from 4 hectares a year ago, the report said. The water level in dams across Maharashtra is 88.2% of the live storage capacity as of Thursday, compared with 72.6% a year ago, according to data from the state water resources department. • The country got an average rainfall of 23.9 mm in the week ended Wednesday, 43% above the normal rainfall of 16.7 mm for the period, the India Meteorological Department said. Two out of four homogenous regions in the country received above normal showers during the week, the weather bureau said. Central India received 63% above normal showers during the week at 21.2 mm. Subdivisions such as west Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat region, Saurashtra and Kutch, Konkan and Goa, and central Maharashtra have recorded large excess rainfall due to heavy rains in the region as the Southwest Monsoon withdrew from this part of the country. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Retail investors betting big on PSUs even as shares dip from record highs [/INST] The full article is as follows: Retail investors continued to flock to state-run companies in the September quarter, defying a downturn in stock prices. As many as 56 of the 68 listed PSUs that reported their quarterly shareholding pattern showed a rise in retail investor base. However, out of this only 16 of these entities delivered positive returns during the quarter, while the rest saw their shares decline. PSUs like Canara Bank, IREDA, Bank of Baroda and HUDCO among others saw the biggest jump in the number of retail shareholders in the September quarter even as they have dropped in the range of 20-30 percent from their respective 52-weeks highs. Among the stocks with the highest surge in retail investors, Canara Bank led with 4.26 lakh new retail investors, followed by IREDA, Bank of Baroda, and HUDCO, which added 3.7 lakh, 2.86 lakh, and 2.83 lakh investors, respectively. Notably, all these stocks have declined from their 52-week highs. Canara Bank dropped over 19 percent from its peak in June 2024, IREDA fell by 29 percent, and Bank of Baroda declined by 18 percent. Other PSU stocks like MTNL, SJVN, Bharat Electronics, Coal India, Rail Vikas Nigam, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, Ircon International, and State Bank of India also saw a rise in new retail investors, with increases of 2.73 lakh, 2.55 lakh, 2.51 lakh, 2.32 lakh, 2.21 lakh, 1.92 lakh, 1.85 lakh, and 1.55 lakh, respectively. However, MTNL and SJVN lost over 37 percent and 49 percent, respectively while Bharat Electronics and Coal India declined by 16 percent and 8 percent, respectively. Rail Vikas Nigam and Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders fell by over 26 percent, and Ircon International and SBI dropped 36 percent and 12 percent, respectively. Interestingly, analysts believe that retail investors are falling into a trap as over the past year, a common strategy has been to buy on dips, with the assumption that any 2-3 percent decline in PSU stocks presents a buying opportunity. This approach has gained traction among retail investors who entered the market in the last three to four years, as they've seen PSU stocks bounce back repeatedly, add analysts highlighting that many retail investors keep averaging down on every drop, treating each decline like a discounted sale. However, since the beginning of July, PSU stocks have entered a correction phase. Analysts attribute this to the fact that PSU stocks have become overvalued after a significant rally over the past two to three years. Sectors like defence and railways have seen substantial gains, with defence stocks, for instance, surging by as much as 15 times, while their earnings have only grown about four times on average. This mismatch suggests that stock prices are outpacing profitability, creating inflated price-to-earnings (PE) ratios that are not justified by underlying fundamentals. Ambareesh Baliga, independent market analyst cautions retail investors to be more discerning about the stocks they purchase and the valuations they accept. Blindly buying or averaging down just because a stock has fallen does not necessarily make it a bargain, he says while adding that strategies that worked well during a bull market might not hold up in a corrective market environment. Analysts believe that PSU stocks might face further corrections in the short term as valuations normalise. Like a pendulum, the market tends to swing between undervaluation and overvaluation, and a correction could push these stocks closer to fair value, or even below it, they say. Meanwhile, retail investor participation has surged in other PSU stocks as well like Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers, Shipping Corp of India, BHEL, IFCI, Bharat Dynamics, RITES, Railtel Corp of India, and LIC Housing Finance. In some cases, however, investors have become cautious. For instance, as LIC's stock dropped 23 percent in the September quarter, the number of retail shareholders fell by 1.6 lakh. Similar trends were seen in NALCO and BPCL, as stock prices declined by around 7 percent each and the number of retail investors dipped by 42,000 and 21,000, respectively. Other stocks like HPCL, IOB, Central Bank of India, and Bank of India, which saw declines of 20-35 percent, also experienced a drop in retail shareholding.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages cheer as Infosys raises guidance for yet another quarter [/INST] The full article is as follows: IT giant Infosys delivered positive Q2 earnings, but the highlight was the company's guidance lift, for the second quarter in a row. Buoyed by this, brokerages also remain optimistic about the upward revision, which hints at early signs of a recovery in discretionary spending. Infosys raised its FY25 revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5 percent in constant currency terms, an increase from the previous quarter’s range of 3-4 percent. Infosys' revenue guidance lift was driven by improved and broad-based Q2 performance, increased volumes, and growth in its small-deal pipeline. The company's operating margin guidance for FY25 remained steady at 20-22 percent. Nuvama Institutional Equities forecasts Infosys to benefit disproportionately in FY26-27 from a rebound in discretionary spending, much like it was disproportionately impacted in FY24-25 compared to peers. On that account, Nuvama sees Infosys as one of the best plays for capturing the IT sector's revival in the coming years. Nomura also shares the view and believes Infosys to be one of the best ways to play a potential improvement in discretionary demand in IT services, reiterating the stock as its top pick within the sector. Nomura has a 'buy' call on the stock with a price target of Rs 2,130. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Despite the guidance upgrade, Infosys posted a slight miss in its Q2 earnings. The company's consolidated net profit stood at Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, a 2.2 percent sequential increase but below Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations rose 4.2 percent on quarter to Rs 40,986 crore, narrowly missing the forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. On the back this slight miss in Q2, Morgan Stanley sees the possibility of a bit of stock correction in the near-term. However, the brokerage also feels that investors should build fresh positions in such a potential correction. Retaining a bullish stance on Infosys, Morgan Stanley has an 'overweight' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,150. On the technical level, Morgan Stanley sees a strong support coming in for the stock at its five-year average free-cash-flow multiple--which sits at Rs 1,780. Meanwhile, the IT major's deal wins stood at $2.4 billion in Q2 lowest in the last five quarters, which Emkay Institutional Equities attributes primarily to the lumpy nature of the deals. However, the brokerage highlighted that deal pipeline for Infosys still remains strong with small-deal pipeline seeing double-digit sequential growth. Emkay also holds a 'buy' call on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2,150. Nomura also believes expanding pipeline of small deals augurs well for Infosys' discretionary demand. Also Read | Infosys ADR falls nearly 4% on NYSE following Q2 results. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Morgan Stanley 'Underweight' on Tata Chemicals stock after Q2 profit plunges 55% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Tata Chemicals fell over a percent on October 18 after Morgan Stanley maintained an 'Underweight' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 880 per share following the company's disappointing earnings report for the quarter ended September 2024. Tata Chemicals reported a near 55 percent on-year fall in its second-quarter profit, hurt by lower soda ash prices and higher freight costs. The chemical maker's consolidated net profit fell to Rs 194 crore, down from Rs 428 crore a year ago. Its revenue from operations rose 0.03 percent YoY to Rs 3,999 crore while total expenses rose nearly 7 percent YoY to Rs 3,803 crore, with freight and forwarding charges rising nearly 32 percent. Tata Chemicals' earnings were broadly in line with estimates, although its India margins were impacted by adverse weather conditions. In contrast, performance in the US segment met expectations, while Kenya delivered a positive surprise. Despite this, Basic Chemistry EBITDA per tonne declined by 10 percent quarter-on-quarter (QoQ). Morgan Stanley highlighted that the ramp-up of Chinese capacity and the limited evidence of supply rationalization pose challenges for a near-term margin recovery. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action An economic downturn in China and sluggish demand in the EU have significantly impacted soda ash prices, Tata Chemicals' primary business segment. According to analysts at Nirmal Bang, global soda ash prices dropped by nearly 23 percent during the July-September quarter. Tata Chemicals had already reduced soda ash prices last November. Analysts have also warned that chemical companies may face rising costs due to increased container and freight charges amid the Middle East crisis. Tata Chemicals shares ended 2.3 percent lower at Rs 1,074.90 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has fallen around 4 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 3 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 25 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Zydus Life gets USFDA approval for Fludrocortisone Acetate tablets; shares trade flat [/INST] The full article is as follows: Zydus Lifesciences shares were trading flat on October 18 after the company received final approval to manufacture Fludrocortisone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.1 mg from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). At 10:01am, Zydus Lifesciences was quoting at Rs 1,020.75, down Rs 0.15, or 0.01 percent, on the BSE. Fludrocortisone acetate tablets are indicated as partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome. The tablets will be produced at the Group’s manufacturing site at Moraiya, Ahmedabad. The group now has 400 approvals and has so far filed over 465 ANDAs since the commencement of the filing process in FY 2003-04. Catch all the market action on our live blog Earlier in this month, the company formalized the Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to initiate Phase 2 clinical trials of Desidustat in patients with Sickle Cell Disease. On October 10, the company received tentative approval from the (USFDA to manufacture Enzalutamide Tablets, 40 mg and 80 mg. On October 2, the company received final approval from the USFDA to manufacture Paliperidone Extended-Release Tablets, 1.5 mg, 3 mg, 6 mg, and 9 mg.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DCW shares gains on investment of Rs 140 crore for production expansion [/INST] The full article is as follows: DCW share price was trading higher on October 18 as the company is going to make investment for the capacity expansion of CPVC production. At 10am, DCW was quoting at Rs 103.62, up Rs 0.57, or 0.55 percent, on the BSE. The company is going to make an investment of Rs 140 crore through bank financing/internal accruals to expand its CPVC (Chlorinated Polyvinyl Chloride) production capacity from 20,000 metric tonnes (MT) to 50,000 MT. This said expansion will be through a combination of new installations, de-bottlenecking existing facilities, and process optimization. The capacity increase will be rolled out in phases, with 20,000 MT expected to be operational in the second half of Q2 FY26 and an additional 10,000 MT by the end of FY26. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company board approved the resignation of Pramod Kumar Jain as the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) and appointed Bakul Jain as chairman of the company w.e.f. November 1, 2024. Also approved the appointment of Pramod Kumar Jain as the chairman Emeritus w.e.f. November 1, 2024.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Zomato board to consider raising funds via QIP along with Q2 results, stock falls 2% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Zomato fell over 2 percent ahead of the food delivery aggregator's board considering fundraising through qualified institutions placement (QIP) on October 22. However, the company did not disclose the quantum of funding it is looking to raise. The foodtech giant’s board would also consider and approve its financials for the quarter ended September 2024 on the same day &quot;Zomato board will consider and approve raising of funds by issuance of equity shares by way of qualified institutions placement, as may be permitted under applicable laws, subject to such regulatory/statutory approvals, including the notice for the postal ballot for obtaining the shareholders’ approval in this regard, as may be required,&quot; said Zomato in a stock exchange filing. If approved, this will be the first fundraise by the Gurugram-headquartered food delivery giant since its stock market debut in 2021. The QIP will come at a time when its rival Swiggy is headed for an initial public offering (IPO). The Bengaluru-based firm is planning to raise as much as $450 million in fresh capital through the IPO. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action In the April-June quarter, Zomato reported a consolidated profit of Rs 253 crore, up from Rs 2 crore in the year-ago period. The firm’s revenue from operations rose 74 percent YoY) to Rs 4,206 crore, up from Rs 2,416 crore a year ago. As of Q1 FY25, the company is sitting on cash reserves of Rs 12,539 crore (roughly $1.5 billion). Zomato's food delivery business is already profitable, and senior management at the firm has indicated that its quick commerce arm Blinkit is also close to reaching break-even. In the previous session, Zomato shares ended 1.4 percent lower at Rs 270.30 on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has rallied 117 percent so far this year, significantly outperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 138 percent, more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 25 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a negative start on October 18, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,739, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Market extended the losses on the third consecutive session on October 17, with benchmark Nifty 50 closing a little below 24,750 amid selling across sectors barring Information Technology. At close, the Sensex was down 494.75 points or 0.61 percent at 81,006.61, and the Nifty was down 221.50 points or 0.89 percent at 24,749.80. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Down) The GIFT Nifty is trading in the red, indicating a weak start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,739 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed Friday, as investors awaited key economic data from China and assessed Japan's inflation numbers. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.32 -2.09 8.30 Nikkei 0.26 -1.15 10.80 Hang Seng 0.91 -3.82 20.69 Taiwan 2.25 4.80 26.42 Kospi -0.23 -3.47 -6.76 US Equities (Flat) The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced on Thursday to its fourth record close in the last five sessions, as stronger-than-expected monthly retail sales indicated a robust U.S. consumer and TSMC's upbeat forecast buoyed chipmakers' stocks. The S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 1 point, or 0.02%, at 5,841.47 points, while the Nasdaq Composite climbed 6.53 points, or 0.04%, to 18,373.61. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 161.35 points, or 0.37%, to 43,239.05. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.37 15.91 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.01 23.73 Nasdaq 0.04 21.60 US Bond Yield (Down) The US 10-year Treasury yield was down 10 bps at 4.08 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield was down 27 bps at 3.96 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.08 3.70 4.91 US 2-Year Treasury 3.96 3.61 5.22 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar headed for a third weekly gain in a row on Friday, helped by a dovish European Central Bank and strong U.S. data that are pushing out expectations for how fast U.S. rates can fall, particularly if Donald Trump wins the presidency. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.75 100.59 106.56 Asian currencies (Higher) Asian currencies were trading mostly higher in the early trade on Friday with the China Renminbi and Malaysian Ringgit down marginally. On a month-to-date basis, except the Thai Baht, all other currencies gave negative returns with the Japanese Yen down 5 percent followed by the South Korean Won and Philippines Peso falling 3 percent each. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.0.19 -1.10 -0.696 South Korean Won 0.134 -3.28 -5.79 Japanese Yen 0.213 -5.07 -5.90 Philippines Peso 0.080 -3.54 -4.13 Thai Baht 0.254 0.688 3.38 Taiwan Dollar 0.112 -0.414 -4.79 China Renminbi -0.048 -0.362 -0.323 Malaysian Ringgit -0.030 -1.55 6.58 Singapore Dollar 0.001 -1.38 0.525 Crude (Rises) Crude oil futures inched higher on Friday, supported by a surprise drop in U.S. oil inventories and simmering Middle East tensions, but prices were headed for their biggest weekly loss in more than a month on worries of lower demand. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.47 4.15 -0.91 Brent Crude 0.38 4.12 -3.01 Gold (Gains) Gold prices hit record highs as uncertainty surrounding the U.S. presidential elections and the war in the Middle East prompted investors to seek out the safe-haven asset, while easing monetary policy environment kept prices elevated. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.24 2.43 30.84 Silver 0.63 2.29 34.05 LME Commodities (Down) Commodities prices were trading weak in the early trade on Friday with Nickel falling 1.5 percent, while Aluminium shed over 1 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -1.18 -2.22 7.11 Copper -0.44 -3.18 11.18 Nickel -1.59 -2.91 2.42 Lead -0.43 -1.26 0.05 Zinc -0.02 -1.25 -14.82 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) offloaded equities worth Rs 7,421 crore on October 17, while domestic institutional investors purchased equities worth Rs 4,979 crore on the same day. 17th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -7,421.40 -59,308.88 -2,01,845.07 DII Net Flows 4,979.83 1,00,841.60 4,06,425.31 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Infosys, L&T, TCS, SBI, GMM Pfaudler, Hindalco, NCC and others on Friday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices extended their downtrend for the third straight session, with the Nifty 50 down by 0.9 percent on October 17. About 1,907 shares declined, while 584 shares gained on the NSE. The index may see further selling pressure in the upcoming session, given the negative sentiment. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Amol Athawale, VP-technical Research at Kotak Securities Tata Consultancy Services | CMP: Rs 4,109 After the short-term correction in TCS from the higher levels, the downward momentum has stopped around its support area. On daily charts, the counter has formed a Morning Star candlestick reversal formation at its important demand zone. Therefore, the structure suggests a revival of the uptrend from the current levels in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,400 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,950 State Bank of India | CMP: Rs 811 On the daily scale, post-correction from the higher levels, SBI is trading in a rangebound mode. However, it has given a range breakout along with good volumes. In addition, on the daily charts, the counter has formed a higher bottom series. Therefore, the closing above the resistance line indicates that further bullish momentum may continue in the coming horizon. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 860 Stop-Loss: Rs 780 NCC | CMP: Rs 310.6 After the decline from the higher levels, NCC rebounded from its support zone and has witnessed a steady recovery from the lower levels. Additionally, on the daily charts, the counter has given a breakout from its sloping channel formation. The up moves in the counter suggest a new leg of bullish trend from the current levels. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 330 Stop-Loss: Rs 295 Mandar Bhojane, Equity Research Analyst at Choice Broking V-Mart Retail | CMP: Rs 4,440 V-Mart Retail has recently consolidated within a range, indicating a possible breakout on the daily chart, supported by a significant increase in trading volume. This suggests potential bullish momentum. If the price sustains above the Rs 4,475 level, it could target short-term levels of Rs 4,900 and Rs 5,000. On the downside, immediate support is at Rs 4,200, offering a potential buying opportunity on dips. The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is currently at 65 and trending upward, indicating increasing buying momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,900, Rs 5,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,070 Infosys | CMP: Rs 1,968 Infosys has recently formed a rounding bottom pattern on the daily chart, accompanied by a significant increase in trading volume. This indicates a possible breakout and a strong bullish trend. If the price closes above the Rs 1,980 level, it could potentially reach short-term targets of Rs 2,090 and Rs 2,150. On the downside, immediate support is at Rs 1,920, which could offer a buying opportunity on dips. The RSI currently stands at 59.35 and is trending upward, signaling increasing buying momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,090, Rs 2,150 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,880 Chandan Taparia, Head - Equity Derivatives &amp;amp; Technicals, Wealth Management at Motilal Oswal Financial Services Mphasis | CMP: Rs 3,080 Mphasis has bounced from its major support levels with higher-than-average buying volumes, suggesting a bullish move can be seen. It has formed a strong bullish candle on the daily scale, and the RSI, which measures the momentum of a stock, has turned up from the centerline, indicating the stock has room to move up. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,300 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,970 Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro | CMP: Rs 3,570 L&amp;amp;T has taken support near the 200 DEMA (daily Exponential Moving Average) and has also given a range breakout on the daily scale with noticeable volumes, which may support the ongoing bullish momentum. The MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) indicator is on the verge of giving a bullish crossover, which could support the upward momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,720 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,480 HDFC Asset Management Company | CMP: Rs 4,728.7 HDFC AMC is trading near its all-time high price and is in a strong uptrend. The price has broken out of a long consolidation zone on the upside with higher-than-average buying volumes, supporting the up move. The ROC (Rate of Change) momentum indicator has turned up, reinforcing the up move. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,200 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,500 Virat Jagad, Technical Research Analyst at Bonanza GMM Pfaudler | CMP: Rs 1,468 GMM Pfaudler has broken out of an ascending triangle pattern on the daily chart, indicating a potential uptrend. The sharp increase in trading volume suggests strong buying interest, supporting a bullish outlook. The stock is trading above key EMAs, adding to the positive momentum, with the RSI also moving higher, confirming the bullish trend. The stock might face resistance around Rs 1,500, and if it breaks above this level, it could rise further towards Rs 1,575. On the downside, immediate support is at Rs 1,420. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,575 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,420 Kalyani Investment Company | CMP: Rs 7,110.7 Kalyani Investment Company has broken out from a rectangle pattern on the daily chart, a strong bullish signal suggesting the potential for continued price gains. The rise in trading volume during the last session shows growing buying interest, reinforcing the positive outlook. The stock is trading above key EMAs, aligning with the bullish trend. The DMI+ (Directional Movement Index) has crossed above the DMI-, indicating a favourable trend shift, while the ADX (Average Directional Index) is moving up, signaling a strengthening trend. Overall, these indicators point to a bullish scenario with potential for further gains in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,850 Stop-Loss: Rs 6,760 Rohan Shah, Technical Analyst at Asit C Mehta Investment Interrmediates Bata India | CMP: Rs 1,435 After two years of underperformance, Bata has dropped to a key support zone, coinciding with the 100-month EMA and demand zone. Around this level, multiple long wicks have formed, indicating buying demand at lower levels. On the lower time frame, the momentum indicator has formed a bullish divergence, complementing the bullish bias in the price. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,550 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,375 Hindalco Industries | CMP: Rs 734.8 Hindalco has been in an uptrend for several months, with a gradual increase in volumes. Recently, the stock broke out from an elevated basing pattern and has since rebounded, finding support at the neckline of the pattern, indicating inherent strength. The stock is trading above all its key moving averages, signaling continued strength and momentum in price. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 795 Stop-Loss: Rs 700 Firstsource Solutions | CMP: Rs 338 Firstsource Solutions witnessed a vertical rally from June 2024 to August 2024, followed by a period of sideways trading within a defined range. However, despite profit booking in the broader markets, the stock is attempting to break out of this consolidation, reflecting inherent strength and higher relative strength in price. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 370 Stop-Loss: Rs 315. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Infosys, Wipro, Axis Bank, LTIMindtree, Zomato, MGL, IGL, Polycab, Tata Chemicals in focus on Friday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Tata Consumer Products, Jio Financial Services, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, Zee Entertainment Enterprises, Aether Industries, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manba Finance, Mastek, Jindal Saw, Oberoi Realty, Hindustan Zinc, Tejas Networks, Kesoram Industries, Ashapuri Gold Ornament, Benares Hotels, Best Agrolife, Duncan Engineering, Elecon Engineering, Ganesh Housing Corporation, GNA Axles, Indostar Capital Finance, Mangalore Refinery &amp;amp; Petrochemicals, Mudra Financial Services, Ponni Sugars (Erode), Sarveshwar Foods, Supreme Infrastructure India, and Tree House Education will release quarterly earnings scorecard on October 18. Results on October 19 HDFC Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Tech Mahindra, RBL Bank, Dalmia Bharat, UCO Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Netweb Technologies India, PC Jeweller, Punjab &amp;amp; Sind Bank, Rossari Biotech, Seshasayee Paper &amp;amp; Boards, SM Auto Stamping, Trident Lifeline, Eiko Lifesciences, High Energy Batteries, and Lloyds Engineering Works will announce quarterly numbers on October 19. Quarterly Earnings Infosys Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit increases 2.2% to Rs 6,506 crore Vs Rs 6,368 crore Revenue grows 4.2% to Rs 40,986 crore Vs Rs 39,315 crore EBIT rises 4.4% to Rs 8,649 crore Vs Rs 8,288 crore Margin remains steady at 21.1% Vs 21.1% Dollar revenue jumps 3.8% to $4,894 million Vs $4,714 million Revenue growth in constant currency at 3.1% Company raises FY25 constant currency revenue growth guidance to 3.75%-4.50% from 3-4% earlier Company retains operating margin guidance at 20-22% for FY25 Company declares an interim dividend of Rs 21 per equity share Wipro Q2 (QoQ) IT services revenue grows 1.4% to Rs 22,195.7 crore Vs Rs 21,896.3 crore EBIT increases 3.5% to Rs 3,732.2 crore Vs Rs 3,605.7 crore Margin expands to 16.8% Vs 16.5% Dollar IT services revenue rises 1.3% to $2,660.1 million Vs $2,625.9 million IT services revenue growth in constant currency at 0.6% Large deal bookings at $1.5 billion, up 28.8% Board approves bonus share issue in the ratio of 1:1 Company sees IT services revenue in the range of $2,607 to $2,660 million for Q3, growing (-2%) to 0% Axis Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 18% to Rs 6,918 crore Vs Rs 5,864 crore Net interest income rises 9% to Rs 13,483 crore Vs Rs 12,315 crore Provisions and contingencies spike to Rs 2,204 crore Vs Rs 814.6 crore Provisions and contingencies increase to Rs 2,204 crore Vs Rs 2,039.3 crore (QoQ) Gross NPA drops to 1.44% Vs 1.54% (QoQ) Net NPA remains unchanged at 0.34% Vs 0.34% (QoQ) LTIMindtree Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit grows 10.3% to Rs 1,251.6 crore Vs Rs 1,135.1 crore Revenue increases 3.2% to Rs 9,432.9 crore Vs Rs 9,142.6 crore Dollar revenue soars 2.8% to $1,126.6 million Vs $1,096.2 million EBIT jumps 6.4% to Rs 1,458.2 crore Vs Rs 1,370.9 crore Margin expands 50 bps to 15.5% Vs 15% Company announces interim dividend of Rs 20 per share Polycab India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 3.6% to Rs 445.2 crore Vs Rs 429.8 crore Revenue jumps 30.4% to Rs 5,498.4 crore Vs Rs 4,217.7 crore EBITDA increases 3.7% to Rs 631.6 crore Vs Rs 608.9 crore Margin falls 290 bps to 11.5% Vs 14.4% Tata Chemicals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 46% to Rs 267 crore Vs Rs 495 crore Revenue rises 0.03% to Rs 3,999 crore Vs Rs 3,998 crore EBITDA falls 24.5% to Rs 618 crore Vs Rs 819 crore Margin plunges 500 bps to 15.5% Vs 20.5% Exceptional gain at Nil Vs Rs 102 crore CEAT Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit sinks 41.5% to Rs 121.5 crore Vs Rs 207.7 crore Revenue rises 8.2% to Rs 3,304.5 crore Vs Rs 3,053.3 crore EBITDA falls 20.6% to Rs 362.3 crore Vs Rs 456.1 crore Margin tanks 390 bps to 11% Vs 14.9% 5Paisa Capital Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit increases 15% to Rs 21.9 crore Vs Rs 19 crore Revenue rises 4% to Rs 100.8 crore Vs Rs 96.9 crore Quick Heal Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit sinks 67.8% to Rs 4.15 crore Vs Rs 12.9 crore Revenue declines 6.2% to Rs 73.49 crore Vs Rs 78.36 crore Stocks To Watch Kotak Mahindra Bank The private sector lender has reduced its savings account interest rates by 50 basis points for account balances under Rs 5 lakh, bringing the new rate to 3%, down from the previous 3.5%, reports CNBC-TV18. Earlier, the bank offered two slabs for savings account interest rates: 3.5% for account balances below Rs 50 lakh and 4% for balances above Rs 50 lakh. The savings account rate slabs for balances above Rs 5 lakh remain unchanged. Zomato The Board will meet on October 22 to consider raising funds via a qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue and to review the unaudited financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 2024. Reliance Industries Reliance Brands Holding UK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reliance Brands, has deepened its partnership with Mothercare Plc by forming a new joint venture that will own the Mothercare brand and its intellectual property assets across India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, and Bangladesh. Reliance Brands first acquired the rights to the UK-based Mothercare brand for the Indian market in 2018. Reliance Brands Holding will hold a 51% stake in the new joint venture, while Mothercare will own a 49% interest. Nitco The company has entered into a one-time settlement (OTS) with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) for its debt facilities. LIC has approved the OTS proposal, and accordingly, the company paid the one-time settlement amount on October 16 towards its entire dues outstanding with LIC. Adani Enterprises The company has completed the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) amounting to Rs 4,200 crore ($500 million). The proceeds from the QIP will be utilized for funding capital expenditure, debt repayment, and general corporate purposes. Aether Industries The company has executed and commissioned another 5 MW solar power project (auto-tracker modules) facility out of the total 15 MW solar power project. With this, a cumulative 10 MW is now operational. The remaining execution is scheduled to be completed in the coming month. Zydus Lifesciences The pharma company has received final approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to manufacture Fludrocortisone Acetate tablets USP, 0.1 mg. Fludrocortisone acetate tablets are used as partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome. Coromandel International The company has incorporated its wholly-owned subsidiary, Coromandel Vietnam Company, in Vietnam. The subsidiary will help the company carry out export, import, wholesale, and retail distribution of agricultural inputs such as crop nutrition, crop protection chemicals, and bio-products. Indraprastha Gas (IGL) According to communication from GAIL India (the nodal agency for domestic gas allocation), there has been a major reduction in domestic gas allocation to Indraprastha Gas effective October 16. The revised domestic gas allocation to the company is approximately 21% less than the previous allocation, which will adversely impact its profitability. The company is in discussion with key stakeholders to minimize the impact. Mahanagar Gas (MGL) The CNG transport allocation to the company has been reduced by 20%, effective October 16, compared to the previous average quarterly APM allocation. This major reduction in allocation will have an adverse impact on the company's profitability. To bridge this shortfall, the company is exploring options for sourcing gas through domestically produced high pressure high temperature (HPHT) gas, new well/well intervention gas (NWG) from ONGC, and benchmark-linked long-term gas contracts. Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Punjab and Sind Bank has classified the accounts of MTNL as non-performing assets (NPA), effective October 8. Network People Services Technologies (NPST) The Board has appointed Deepak Chand Thakur as Chief Executive Officer of the company, effective October 17. Before becoming CEO, Deepak Chand Thakur was the Chairman and Managing Director of the company. Furthermore, the Board has sought member approval for migrating the company from the NSE Emerge SME exchange to the main board of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) and simultaneously to the BSE. Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Split HEG, Humming Bird Education, Sacheta Metals Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend Tata Consultancy Services, Anand Rathi Wealth Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Rights Bella Casa Fashion &amp;amp; Retail, IGC Industries, Thinkink Picturez Stock Trades Ex-Date for Resolution Plan -Suspension Sumeet Industries F&amp;amp;O Ban Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Wipro ADR slides 4% post Q2 results on lower guidance for December quarter [/INST] The full article is as follows: Wipro's American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) fell over 4 percent on the NYSE following the release of its Q2FY25 results. At 10.15 AM Eastern Daylight Time, Wipro ADRs traded over 2.5 percent lower at $6.3. For the December quarter, Wipro expects IT Services revenue to range between $2,607 million and $2,660 million, implying a sequential guidance of (-)2.0 percent to 0.0 percent in constant currency terms. This marks a downward revision from the September quarter's forecast, which allowed for a revenue change of up to 1 percent in either direction. &quot;Our Q3 (FY25) revenue is expected to be affected by seasonal furloughs and fewer working days in this quarter,&quot; Srinivas Pallia, Chief Executive Officer of Wipro, said in the post-earnings conference call. Also Read | Wipro Q2 net profit rises 21% to Rs 3,209 cr, beats estimate; IT major announces 1:1 bonus share issue Wipro's consolidated net profit for Q2 FY25 rose by nearly 7 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 3,209 crore, surpassing Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 3,011 crore. Revenue from operations increased by 1.5 percent QoQ to Rs 22,302 crore, beating Moneycontrol's forecast of Rs 22,219 crore. Operating margins for the quarter improved by 30 basis points to 16.8 percent, exceeding the anticipated 16.4 percent. Total bookings for Wipro rose to $3.56 billion in the September quarter, up from $3.23 billion in the prior quarter. Large deal bookings also saw a notable rise to $1.49 billion from $1.15 billion. Wipro announced a 1:1 bonus share issue alongside the earnings release. Today, Wipro's shares closed 0.7 percent lower at Rs 528.7 on the National Stock Exchange.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Infosys ADR falls nearly 4% on NYSE following Q2 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Infosys ADRs dropped nearly 4 percent on the NYSE on October 17 after the company's Q2FY25 results fell short of market expectations. At 9.40 am Eastern Daylight Time, Infosys ADRs were trading 3.5 percent lower at $22 apiece. Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, a 2.2 percent sequential increase, but below Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations rose 4.2 percent QoQ to Rs 40,986 crore, missing Moneycontrol's forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. Infosys, however, raised its FY25 revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5 percent in constant currency terms, up from the 3-4 percent band given by the company in the previous quarter. The company's operating margin guidance for FY25 was at 20-22 percent. Also Read | Infosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 6,506 crore, misses estimates, guidance raised further; dividend declared Operating margins for the September quarter remained flat at 21.1 percent, aligning closely with Moneycontrol's estimate of 21.2 percent. CFO Jayesh Sanghrajka attributed the stable margin to value-based pricing and increased utilisation, despite higher employee payouts. &quot;We had strong growth of 3.1 percent quarter-on-quarter in constant current in Q2. The growth was broad based with good momentum in financial services,&quot; said Salil Parekh, CEO and MD of Infosys. &quot;This stems from our strength in industry expertise, market leading capabilities in cloud with Cobalt and generative AI with Topaz, resulting in growing client preference to partner with us.&quot; Infosys's total contract value (TCV) stood at $2.4 billion in Q2FY25, 41 percent of which came from net new business. The company also declared an interim dividend of Rs 21 per share, with October 29 as the record date and November 8 as the payout date.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Decoding Infosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 6,506 crore, misses estimates [/INST] The full article is as follows: nan. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: 10 stocks that moved the most on October 17 [/INST] The full article is as follows: The Sensex and Nifty closed in the red for the third consecutive session on October 17, weighed down by relentless selling from foreign investors, a lacklustre earnings season, and geopolitical tensions. Today's trading was particularly brutal for the banking and auto sectors, with the Nifty Auto index suffering a dramatic plunge of over 3 percent following Bajaj Auto reducing its festive season sales growth guidance to 3-5 percent—well below the anticipated 8 percent. Bajaj Auto | CMP Rs 10,093 | Shares of the two-wheeler and three-wheeler major tanked over 13 percent after the company posted lower-than-expected net profit in the second quarter. This comes after it revised its growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent, at the lower end of its earlier estimate of 5-8 percent. CRISIL | CMP Rs 4,743 | Shares slipped 1 percent despite the rating firm reported a 12.9 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 171.6 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's revenue from operations rose 10.3 percent YoY to Rs 811.8 crore. Kolte-Patil Developers | CMP Rs 406 | Shares surged 3.5 percent after the company's solid Q2 business update. The real estate developer locked in its higheest-ever quarterly revenue in Q2. The company achieved a quarterly sales value of Rs 770 crore in the July-September period, reflecting 22 percent on-year growth. Nalco | CMP: Rs 224 | Shares of domestic aluminium maker surged over 3 percent helped by global major Alcoa Corporation's robust quarterly profit, as well as strong alumina prices. Lower raw material cost was also one of the factors helping Alcoa's quarterly results. Futures prices of alumina - a key ingredient in making aluminium - have risen over 45% this year, as supply remains tight. Mphasis | CMP: Rs 3,090 | Shares advanced over 6 percent after the company reported an 8 percent jump in net profit at Rs 423.3 crore in the second quarter of FY25. Mphasis said its revenue recorded a 7.92 percent drop at Rs 3,536.14 crore in the reported quarter over Rs 3,276.5 crore in the same period last fiscal. Nestle India | CMP: Rs 2,378 | Nestle India's share price dropped almost 4 percent after the FMCG major reported a marginal fall in the September quarter profit. The company reported a decline of 0.94 percent in its net profit at Rs 899.49 crore for the quarter that ended September 2024, in which it faced high commodity prices and some of its key brands faced softer consumer demand. Hero MotoCorp | CMP Rs 5,215 | Shares slipped 3.5 percent, registering its biggest single-day drop in two years after Bajaj Auto reported weaker-than-expected second quarter earnings. Investors turned bearish on call two-wheeler stocks after Bajaj cut its guidance stating weak demand. Hind Rectifiers | CMP Rs 1,067 | Shares hit the 10 percent upper circuit to scale a fresh record high of Rs 1,067.90 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), driven by high volumes. So far in the day, around 3 lakh shares of the company changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, compared to the one-month average trading volume of 31,000 shares. Titagarh Rail | CMP Rs 1,168 | Shares gained over over 3 percent after Morgan Stanley Asia Singapore Pte bought a stake in the firm in a bulk deal in the previous trading session. The firm bought a 0.57 percent stake or 7.63 lakh shares in the company worth Rs 85.5 crore at an average price of Rs 1,120 per share Meanwhile, Smallcap World Fund Inc offloaded a 0.59 percent stake in Titagarh Rail at an average price of Rs 1,120.12 per share, valued at Rs 88.6 crore. L&amp;amp;T Technologies Services | CMP Rs 5,255 | Shares slipped 2 percent after the IT service firm's earnings show for the quarter ended September came in under expectations. L&amp;amp;T Technology Services reported a marginal 1.91 percent increase in its net profit at Rs 319.6 crore in September 2024 quarter. The company had reported a net profit of Rs 313.60 crore in the June quarter. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Sensex down 495 pts, Nifty closes below 24,750, dragged by auto, realty, bank stocks [/INST] The full article is as follows: Market extended the losses on the third consecutive session on October 17, with benchmark Nifty 50 closing a little below 24,750 amid selling across sectors barring Information Technology. At close, the Sensex was down 494.75 points or 0.61 percent at 81,006.61, and the Nifty was down 221.50 points or 0.89 percent at 24,749.80. Amid positive global cues, the Indian indices opened higher with Nifty above 25,000 but erased the gains in the initial hours to turned into red and extended the losses as the day progress, dragging Nifty below 24,750, intraday. Biggest Nifty losers were Bajaj Auto, Shriram Finance, Hero MotoCorp, Nestle and M&amp;amp;M, while gainers were Tech Mahindra, Infosys, L&amp;amp;T, Power Grid Corp and SBI. Among sectors, except Information Technology index (up 1 percent), all other sectoral indices ended in the red with auto, media and realty down 2-3 percent. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices shed more than 1 percent each. More than 240 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Strides Pharma, Tech Mahindra, Gujarat Fluoro, CAMS, IFB Industries, Indigo Paints, Firstsource Solutions, CarTrade Tech, ICRA, Dhani Services, Oberoi Realty, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 18 Shrikant Chouhan, Head of Equity Research, Kotak Securities: Today, the benchmark indices witnessed a sharp selloff, the Nifty ends 220 points lower while the Sensex was down by 500 points. Among sectors all the major sectoral indices registered profit booking at higher levels but realty and auto lost the most fell over 3.5 percent. Technically after a muted opening Nifty breached important level of 24900/81500 and post breakdown the selling pressure intensified. On daily chart the index has formed bearish candle and on intraday charts it is holding a lower top formation. We are of the view that the market texture is weak and as long as Nifty trades below 24900/81500 weak sentiment is likely to continue. On the downside the market could slip till 24550-24500/80900-80600. On the flip side, above 24825/81300 we could see a one quick pullback rally till 24850-24900/81400-81500. Rupak De, Senior Technical Analyst, LKP Securities The Nifty has found initial support in the 24,700–24,750 zone. On the daily chart, the Nifty has broken down from a bearish flag pattern, suggesting a possible downward move in the short term. The RSI is showing a bearish crossover and is declining. However, this may not be the ideal level to initiate short positions, as the index has experienced a steep correction and is near a double-bottom support, which could trigger a near-term recovery toward 25,000. Conversely, a decisive fall below 24,700 could lead to a significant correction in the market. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares Finally, the Index broke its range of 24,920-25,200. After a muted opening, Auto stocks led correction dragged the Index lower and in the second half of the trading session, another round of selling pulled the Index further lower to end the session at 24,749.85 with a loss of 221.45 points. Barring IT, all the other sectors ended the session in red with Realty and Auto being the major laggards. Broader markets underperformed the Frontline Index as Mid and Smallcaps tanked by 1.66% &amp;amp; 1.24% respectively. A bearish marubozu open candle on the daily chart depicts a strong domination of bears but the Index stands at a strong support level of 24,750 (tested on 9th September and 7th October). A break below the mentioned level will drag the Index towards 24,430; and in the case of a reversal, 24,950 will be considered as immediate resistance.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 11,450 : Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Bajaj Auto BJAUT's 2QFY25 performance was in line with our estimates. EBITDA margin remained stable QoQ at 20.2% as the impact of an adverse mix and raw material inflation was offset by price hikes, favorable forex rates, and operating leverage benefits. However, the festive season has started on a weak note, with the industry posting just 1-2% YoY growth as of Dussehra and expecting 3-5% YoY growth during the season, assuming a revival before Diwali. The outlook for its key export market, Africa, remains uncertain, though the margin outlook is improving. BJAUT has outperformed the Nifty Auto Index over the last 12 months, fueled by market share gains in the 125cc+ domestic motorcycle segment, improved margins, and a unique shareholder reward policy. Outlook However, the stock now trades at ~38.5x/30x FY25E/26E EPS and appears fairly valued. We maintain our Neutral rating with a TP of INR11,450, based on 26x Sep’26E consol EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Vinati Organics; target of Rs 2500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Vinati Organics Vinati Organics (VO) has strengthened its operations through backward integration, which is expected to expand its margins. Additionally, its vertical integration, along with the Veeral Additives (VAPL) merger, is likely to enhance economies of scale and help VO maintain/expand its market share in ATBS and antioxidants (AOs). Further, the commissioning of OSBP and DSBP plants positions VO as the sole domestic producer, reducing India's import reliance. With a 65% global market share in ATBS and IBB, VO aims to expand its ATBS capacity by 2HFY25. The company is also diversifying its portfolio through niche products and specialized polymers from Veeral Organics (VOPL) while advancing its sustainability strategy. In FY24, the company added 11.5MW of solar power and is targeting an additional 6.5MW in FY25, further reducing its carbon footprint. Outlook We continue to believe that VO’s overall long-term growth outlook is healthy. The stock is trading at ~39x FY26E EPS of INR54 and ~28x FY26E EV/EBITDA. It had a fixed asset turnover of 1.5x as of FY24. We value the company at 45x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at a TP of INR2,500. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy KEI Industries; target of Rs 5100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on KEI Industries KEI Industries (KEII)’s 2QFY25 earnings were below our estimate due to a lower-than-estimated margin in the Cables and Wires (C&amp;amp;W) segment led by RM cost volatility and lower EPC revenue. EBITDA was INR2.2b (est. INR2.5m), while OPM came in at ~10% (est. ~11%). PAT stood at INR1.5b (est. INR1.7b). Management indicated the volatility impact of RM costs will average out on a six-month basis, and it maintained its OPM guidance of 10.5-11.0% for FY25 (OPM was flat YoY at ~10% in 1HFY25). The decline in EPC revenue was due to heavy rainfalls across the country, due to which right-of-way (RoW) approvals were not available. KEII intends to remain a debt-free company and has obtained Board approvals for a fundraise of up to INR20b via QIP. We cut our EPS estimates for FY25-27 by ~3-6% as we factor in lower EPC revenue and reduced C&amp;amp;W EBIT margin by ~20bp. We estimate an EPS CAGR of ~20% over FY24-27. Outlook We value KEII at 50x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at our TP of INR5,100 (vs. INR5,300). Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Larsen and Toubro Technology Services; target of Rs 6400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Larsen and Toubro Technology Services L&amp;amp;T Technology (LTTS)’s 2QFY25 revenue was up 3.9% QoQ /6.5% YoY in USD terms vs. our estimate of ~4.1% QoQ growth. In CC terms, revenue was up 3.4% QoQ/6.3% YoY). Growth was led by the Sustainability vertical (up 6.5% QoQ), followed by the Mobility vertical with 4.8% QoQ growth. EBIT was up 1.1% QoQ but down 4.9% YoY at INR3.8b (est. INR4.2b). PAT stood at INR3.1b (est. INR3.5b), up 1.9% QoQ/1.3% YoY. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 7.4%/-3.9%/1.1% compared to 1HFY24. In 2QFY25, the company signed two USD20m deals and four USD10m deals. Outlook Our TP of INR6,400 (INR6,600 earlier) implies 40x Sep’26E EPS. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Larsen and Toubro Technology Services; target of Rs 6500: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Larsen and Toubro Technology Services Reported revenue stood at $307 million, up 3.4% q-o-q/ up 6.3% y-o-y in constant currency (cc) in line with our estimate. EBIT margin declined by ~50 bps q-o-q to 15.1%, missing our estimates of 16.2%. Deal wins were steady as company won two $20 million and four $10 million TCV deals along with two significant empanelment agreements in the sustainability vertical. Management is confident of broad-based growth continuing in the coming quarters and reaffirmed its FY25 guidance of 8-10% revenue growth in constant currency and aspiration of 16% EBIT margin levels. Outlook We maintain Buy on the stock with unchanged PT of Rs 6,500. At CMP, stock trades at 41.2/35.1/29.3x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold KEI Industries; target of Rs 4800: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on KEI Industries KEI reported a 10% y-o-y growth in net earnings for Q2FY2025 led by a 17% y-o-y growth in revenues. Revenue growth was driven by a 21% growth in cables segment but compensated by 58% decline in EPC segment revenues. The management has maintained its guidance of 16-17% y-o-y revenue growth and operating margin of 11% in FY25. The company looks to raise Rs 2,000 crore via QIP majorly to fund the Sanand greenfield project. Outlook The company is expected to do well backed by tailwind sectors like Renewables, Transmission, Data center and thriving real estate and infrastructure sector. However, the stock is currently trading a high PE of 41x its FY27 earnings. Hence, we maintain our Hold rating on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 4,800. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 12,584: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bajaj Auto APAT stood at Rs 2216 crore (against estimate of Rs 2228 crore) on a 21.8% growth in revenue and 40 bps expansion in EBITDA margin on y-o-y basis. Green portfolios comprising EVs and CNG products constituted 40% of domestic revenue in Q2FY25. Outlook While we remain constructive on BAL’s structural growth prospects on account of its superior profitability, play on premiumisation, and expectation of a gradual recovery in exports but we change our rating to Hold with an unchanged PT of Rs 12,584 from Buy, as valuations have to catch up considering the management’s subdued commentary on ongoing festive season. Stock trades at a P/E multiple of 28.4x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 21.2x its FY2027E estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Titagarh Rail stock soars 6% after Morgan Stanley buys stake worth Rs 85.5 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Titagarh Rail Systems gained over 6 percent after Morgan Stanley Asia Singapore Pte bought stake in the firm in a bulk deal in the previous trading session. The firm bought a 0.57 percent stake or 7.63 lakh shares in the company worth Rs 85.5 crore at an average price of Rs 1,120 per share Meanwhile, Smallcap World Fund Inc offloaded a 0.59 percent stake in Titagarh Rail at an average price of Rs 1,120.12 per share, valued at Rs 88.6 crore. So far in the day, a total of 73 lakh shares of the firm changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, compared to the one-month average trading volume of 17 lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action At 12:24 pm, Titagarh Rail shares were trading 5.6 percent higher at Rs 1,197.25 on NSE. The stock has rallied 15 percent so far this year, in line with Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 50 percent more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 31 percent during this period. Titagarh Rail Systems is engaged in the manufacturing and selling of freight wagons, passenger coaches, metro trains, train electricals, steel castings, specialised equipment and bridges, and ships. The company operates through three segments: freight rolling stock, passenger rolling stock, and shipbuilding, bridges &amp;amp; defence. Titagarh Rail's largest customer is Indian Railways, contributing 45% of the company's revenue. Its second-largest customer, Rungta Sons Pvt., accounts for 17% of revenue, according to Bloomberg. The company is set to announce its July–September quarterly financial results soon.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 11,859: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bajaj Auto BJAUT standalone revenue in Q2FY25 grew by 21.8% YoY, driven by strong volume growth of 15.8% YoY, while mix improvement (125cc+) in domestic and international motorcycle businesses further aided topline growth as ASP increased by 5.1% YoY. EBITDA grew by 24.3% YoY with margin expanding a moderate 40bps YoY to 20.2%. Rise in key input cost during the initial period of the quarter and scale-up of EV business slightly impacted the margin profile, which was partially offset by marginal price hike in Q2FY25. Further, one-off tax expenses suppressed decent overall performance, leading to a moderate PAT growth of 9.2% YoY. BJAUT continues to deliver healthy growth in its premium products with 125cc and higher end motorcycles contributing to ~75% of its volume. While Nigeria and key African markets continue to de-grow in terms of volume, it is witnessing healthy traction in LATAM and emerging markets. Additionally, the scale-up in EV business and new launches along with PLI benefits shall help the company deliver positive EBITDA in the next few quarters. Outlook Factoring this, we forecast its revenue/EBITDA/EPS to grow at a CAGR of 13.7%/15.7%/15.8% over FY24-FY27E. We maintain our “Hold” rating and revise our target price upwards to Rs11,859 (previous Rs11,146), valuing the company at 30x on its Sep-FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Mid-day Mood | Nifty, Sensex trade lower as auto, realty stocks bleed; IT bucks trend [/INST] The full article is as follows: Benchmark indices Nifty and Sensex extended morning losses and were deeply in the red after a sharp downturn in auto and realty stocks dented the sentiment massively. The IT index was the brightest spark in a dull market as heavyweights Infosys and Wipro will declare their Q2 earnings later today. At noon, the Sensex was down 444.09 points or 0.54 percent at 81,057.27, and the Nifty was down 183.10 points or 0.73 percent at 24,788.20. About 1065 shares advanced, 2236 shares declined, and 93 shares unchanged. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The broader market, mainly the mid and smallcap index, underperformed the benchmarks heavily as both slipped over a percent each. Given its YTD outperformance, market experts have expressed caution in the space citing elevated valuations. The India VIX, the barometer to assess market anxiety, flared up 3 percent to rise above the 13 levels. Sectoral Trend All sectors barring IT tanked led by the Auto and Realty index. Two-wheeler major Bajaj Auto tanked over 11 percent after it left investors disappointed with its Q2 earnings. Realty majors such as DLF and Prestige Real Estates dragged the index lower. On the other hand, the IT index was the only sector in the green, rising almost 1 percent. Gains in Infosys, Tech Mahindra, TCS and Wpro helped the index higher. Also read: Hero Moto, TVS Motor shares see sharpest fall in 2 years on Bajaj Auto's Q2 miss Fundamental View &quot;In India, the consolidation around Nifty 25000 level is likely to be extended with bouts of FII selling and DII buying. The re-emergence of outperformance of smallcaps driven by liquidity is again becoming a cause of concern,&quot; VK Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. &quot;Coming days will witness lots of stock-specific action in response to Q2 results. Expect a positive response to the results of the financials. IT stocks can be bought on dips,&quot; he added. Read more: Hyundai IPO last day today: Will India's largest public issue hit Rs 1 lakh crore bids? Check subscription update Technical View &quot;Two consecutive days of declines did cast doubts on the recovery moves being attempted since 8th October. However, the oscillator signals that gave us the confidence to enter such recovery moves in the initial phase itself, continue to persist, encouraging us to continue playing for 25,390 and more,&quot; Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. &quot; Further, the support offered by 24,900 yesterday has fitted the recent swings into a parallel consolidation pattern, giving a launch pad for an upswing. We will keep our downside marker close, in the 24,900-830 region,&quot; he added. Key Sensex Gainers Infosys, Tech Mahindra, and SBI Key Sensex Losers M&amp;amp;M, Maruti Suzuki, and Axis Bank Key Nifty Gainers Infosys, Hindalco, and Tech Mahindra Key Nifty Losers Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp, and M&amp;amp;M Stock Moves Bajaj Auto: Shares tanked over 12 percent after the company posted lower-than-expected net profit in the second quarter. This comes after it revised its growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent, at the lower end of its earlier estimate of 5-8 percent. Kolte-Patil Developers: Shares zoomed 14 percent on October 17 as investors rejoiced at the company's solid Q2 business update. The real estate developer locked in its higher ever quarterly revenue in Q2.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 9500: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Auto BJAUT’s Q2 results were marginally weak on lower ASPs. BJAUT’s 2W retail growth has been muted (FY25YTD: 6.7%; Sep-Oct: 5.7%), with market share loss in the fast-growing 125cc category; management expects FY25 industry growth to be closer to 5% than 8% if the ongoing below-par festive performance persists. Exports are recovering, albeit with the key Nigeria market still 50% below its earlier peak; further, with the 3W industry also now crossing previous highs, an elevated base effect may kick-in. Outlook Our estimates are unchanged (FY24-27E EPS CAGR: 13%); we downgrade BJAUT to SELL from Reduce, with new TP of Rs9,500 (26x core Sep-26E vs 23x Jun-26E earlier; revision basis sustained profitability, better EV positioning). We prefer HMCL (better risk-reward), and TVSL (improved growth prospects). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Larsen and Toubro Technology Services; target of Rs 5000: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Larsen and Toubro Technology Services LTTS reported steady revenue performance, while margin missed expectations. Revenue grew 3.9% QoQ to USD306.7mn, led by broad-based growth. EBITM declined by 50bps QoQ to 15.1%, missing our estimate. LTTS won two USD20mn and four USD10mn TCV deals, and signed 2 significant empanelment agreements in Sustainability. Despite a moderate H1, management retained FY25 revenue growth guidance of 8-10% CC, implying 4.5-7% CQGR over Q3- Q4 which is a tough ask, in our view. Broad-based growth in Q2, strong deal pipeline, SWC seasonality, and expected milestone booking in the Maharashtra cybersecurity project give management confidence on H2 being better than H1 and delivering on guidance. Outlook With growth improving and more deals in strategic areas, mgmt expects the EBITM trajectory to improve in H2 and has retained ~16% EBITM guidance for FY25. LTTS reaffirms its medium-term aspiration of USD2bn revenue with EBITM of 17-18%. We trim FY25-27E EPS ~1%, building in the Q2 performance; retain REDUCE and TP of Rs5,000 at 30x Sep-26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kolte-Patil Developers stock skyrockets 14% on best ever quarterly sales in Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Kolte-Patil Developers zoomed close to 14 percent on October 17 as investors rejoiced the company's solid Q2 business update. The real estate developer locked in its higher ever quarterly revenue in Q2. At 11.11 am, shares of Kolte-Patil Developers were trading at Rs 432.40 on the NSE. The stellar business update also fuelled a spike in trading volumes in the counter. As much as 57 lakh shares changed hands on the exchanges so far, a meteoric rise from the one-month daily traded average of three lakh shares. The company achieved quarterly sales value of Rs 770 crore in the July-September period, reflecting 22 percent on year growth. In Q2FY25, average realisations also rose by 16 percent year-on-year to Rs 7,472 per square foot, driven by premium projects like Life Republic (LR) and the 24K developments in Baner and Pimple Nilakh. Collections for the quarter also remained robust at Rs 550 crore. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action In addition to that, the company's collections in the first half of FY25 reached new highs of Rs 1,162 crore, driven by robust sales and consistent and timely execution of projects. &quot;Our 24K premium luxury segment continues to gain momentum, with the 24K segment contributing 30 percent to our sales in Q2FY25 reflecting the demand shift toward aspirational living,&quot; Atul Bohra, Group CEO, Kolte-Patil Developers commented on the achievement. &quot;Also, Life Republic township project has seen sustained volumes. Backed by a strong pipeline of launches planned in the second half of the year, we are confident about meeting our pre-sales target of Rs 3,500 crore for FY25. With robust industry trends supporting housing demand, especially in premium categories, we remain well-positioned to capitalise on the growing opportunity,&quot; he further added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hind Rectifiers stock soars to 10% upper circuit on spurt in volumes [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hind Rectifiers hit the 10 percent upper circuit to scale a fresh record high of Rs 1,067.90 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), driven by high volumes. So far in the day, around 3 lakh shares of the company changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, compared to the one-month average trading volume of 31,000 shares. The company last month secured a supply order worth over Rs 200 crore from Indian Railways. The order will be executed by FY26, according to the terms and conditions outlined by Indian Railways, Hind Rectifiers said in a regulatory filing. It clarified that there is no involvement or interest from the promoter group or group companies in the entity awarding the contract. Additionally, the transaction does not qualify as a related party transaction. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Founded in April 1958, Hind Rectifiers specialises in the development, design, manufacturing and marketing of power semiconductors, electronic equipment, and railway transportation equipment. Indian Railways remains its largest customer, driven by its strong reputation and advanced technology in locomotives and coaches. However, the company is diversifying its focus, expanding into the defence and aerospace sectors, having secured certifications for aerospace standards and registered with defence organisations, which are expected to generate additional revenue in the coming years. Analysts believe that Hind Rectifiers is set to benefit from the government's infrastructure development plans and various power sector projects. The company is also expanding into the defence and aerospace sectors, having secured certifications for aerospace standards and registered with defence organisations At 10:45 am, Hind Rectifiers shares were trading 6 percent higher at Rs 1,033.05 on NSE. The stock has rallied 95 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 173 percent more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 31 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hero Moto, TVS Motor shares see sharpest fall in 2 years on Bajaj Auto's Q2 miss [/INST] The full article is as follows: Mirroring the downward trajectory of Bajaj Auto, shares of Hero MotoCorp, TVS Motor company fell as much as 5 percent in the morning, their biggest single-day drop in 2 years. Meanwhile, Royal Enfield maker Eicher Motors also traded lower, albeit marginally. The plunge comes after Bajaj Auto trimmed the growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent, at the lower end of its earlier estimate of 5-8 percent. This cautious forecast comes from a slower-than-expected festival season fueled by Shradha Paksha and weak demand for entry-level motorcycles. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Bajaj Auto's net profit rose 9 percent to Rs 2,005 crore for the second quarter of FY2024-25, falling well below brokerage estimates polled by Moneycontrol. Following the results and management conference call Citi, Macquarie, and HDFC Securities issued negative calls on the counter. Also read: Bajaj Auto tanks 10% on weak Q2, guidance cut keeps brokerages cautious For instance, HDFC said &quot;We expect higher advertisement spending for promoting new launches, and slower recovery in key export markets to weigh on margins in the near term. Rural recovery remains a key monitorable in the second half of FY25. Citi, with a 'sell' call, believes that the company's Q2 performance was marginally below estimates due to a slight miss in average selling prices (ASPs) and gross margins. Citi was also slightly surprised by the outlook on festive demand, though Vahan data suggests that registrations are up almost 12 percent year-on-year. Macquarie has maintained its neutral rating on Bajaj Auto, with a target price of Rs 11,200 per share. While the company's Q2 performance was in line with expectations, gross margins were underwhelming due to a higher proportion of new products. Additionally, Macquarie pointed out a muted festive outlook that fell short of its expectations. At about 11 am, shares of Hero MotoCorp were trading at Rs 5,178, down 4 percent from the last close on the NSE. Meanwhile, TVS Motor Co shares slipped over 4 percent at Rs 2,656. Eicher Motors shares were down 2 percent at Rs 4,600. Bajaj Auto, the top loser on the Nifty, nosedived 11 percent at Rs 10,370. The Nifty Auto index was the worst performer, slipping 3 percent at 25,148.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 842: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM is firming its feet as integrated Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider, with a strong focus on critical solutions across the defense, aerospace, industrial, medical, and transportation sectors. The recent acquisition of Altek Electronics highlights Cyient's strategic intent to create synergies in the U.S. market, particularly in the industrial, medical and defense sector, supported by Altek’s ITAR certification. This acquisition is poised to strengthen Cyient’s industrial and medical segments, addressing concerns over the underlying weakness in these segments, while enhancing its defense capabilities in the U.S. The deal was executed at an attractive valuation of 0.78x price to sales (CY23-Sales), inclusive of a performance-based earn-out, reflecting financial discipline and strategic foresight. Outlook Accordingly, we project revenue, EBITDA, and net profit growth of 30%, 49%, and 59%, respectively, over FY24-FY26E. Based on these growth prospects, we initiate coverage with a price-to-earnings multiple of 43x on FY26E EPS (0.7x PEG) and a BUY rating, offering an upside of 18% (Target price: ₹842) from the current market price. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sterling and Wilson; target of Rs 870: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Sterling and Wilson A pure-play global solar EPC and O&amp;amp;M service provider, Sterling &amp;amp; Wilson’s record Q2 orderbook of Rs105bn and the upgraded credit rating will help it achieve its FY25 revenue target of Rs80bn. Further, RIL’s plan to set up a 100GW RE capacity (predominantly solar and battery storage) by 2030 to meet its net-zero goal could offer EPC opportunities of Rs1.1trn over FY26-31 (opportunity of ~Rs300bn in EPC for the company; ~Rs24bn in O&amp;amp;M services). Outlook We maintain our estimates and retain a Buy rating with an unchanged TP of Rs870. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 17, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The Union Cabinet Wednesday approved a 2-7% hike in the minimum support price of six rabi crops for the marketing season starting in April. The MSP hike will cost the government an additional INR 876.57 billion, according to the announcement. The minimum support price for wheat, a key rabi crop, was increased by INR 150 or 7% to INR 2,425 per 100 kg, while that of chana, a largest rabi pulse, was raised by 4% or INR 210 to INR 5,650 per 100 kg, as per the announcement. Wheat, the crucial rabi crop, accounts for over 70% of the rabi food grain output. The hike for wheat has come at a time when the country is facing significant price pressures in the grain with low availability in markets. The government's wheat reserves have been falling over the past two years as it failed to reach its procurement targets in rabi marketing seasons 2022-23 (Apr-Mar) and 2023-24, with heatwaves reducing the size of the crop. The government this year is looking to make up for the depleted stocks and is promoting larger sowing on account of sustained soil moisture due to a good southwest monsoon. The government, as of Oct. 1, had a stock of 23.80 million tonnes, a shade above the buffer norm of 20.52 million tonnes prescribed for Oct-Dec. The stock was down 5.4% on month and 1.0% on year. Meanwhile, the hike in chana prices is crucial as the centre is looking to increase its acreage and promote farmers to plant more of it. Chana sowing fell significantly last year to 25.8 million hectares in 2023-24 from 30.7 million hectares in 2021-22. The Cabinet also approved increasing the minimum support price of mustard by 5% or 300 rupees to INR 5,950 per 100 kg and for masur by 4% or INR 275 to INR 6,700 per 100 kg. The support price for barley has been increased by 7% or INR 130 to INR 1,980 per 100 kg, while that of safflower has been raised by 2% or INR 140 to INR 5,940 per 100 kg. &quot;The increase in MSP for mandated rabi crops for marketing season 2025-26 is in line with the Union Budget 2018-19 announcement of fixing the MSP at a level of at least 1.5 times of the all-India weighted average cost of production,&quot; the government said in an official release. Minimum support prices, the price at which the government buys crops from farmers in case market prices fall, gives security and direction to growers in terms of realisation of their produce. • The southwest monsoon withdrew from the entire country on Wednesday, private weather agency Skymet said in a report. &quot;The depression off Oman's coast is expected to weaken gradually in a well-marked low-pressure area,&quot; it said. The India Meteorological Department said the southwest monsoon had withdrawn from the entire country on Tuesday. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: CRISIL Share Price: CRISIL stock jumps 7% on strong Q2 results; net profit, revenue jump YoY [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of CRISIL Ltd jumped over 7 percent in early trade on October 17 after the ratings firm reported a 12.9 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 171.6 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's revenue from operations rose 10.3 percent YoY to Rs 811.8 crore. At the operating level, CRISIL's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) jumped 16.7 percent YoY to Rs 223.8 in the quarter under review, while EBITDA margin stood at 27.6 percent in the reporting quarter as compared to 26.1 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. During the quarter under review, the impact of foreign exchange movement was unfavourable compared to the same quarter last year. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The company's board of directors declared an interim dividend of Rs 15 per share (of Re 1 face value) for FY25, compared with Rs 11 per share declared during the corresponding quarter of the previous year. &quot;Global growth patterns are diverging, with the US slowing, the Eurozone recovering, and India displaying robust GDP growth. Geopolitical uncertainties remain a risk,&quot; said Amish Mehta, Managing Director and CEO of CRISIL. At 9:56 am, shares of CRISL shares were trading more than 4 percent higher at Rs 4,985.30 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 17 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 14.8 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 29 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tata Consultancy Services; target of Rs 4634: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Tata Consultancy Services Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), a subsidiary of Tata Sons Ltd, is a global IT company providing a range of services to industries, such as banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), telecommunications, transportation, retail,; manufacturing, pharma and utilities. In Q2FY25, TCS reported a revenue of Rs. 64,259cr (+8% YoY), driven by strong performance in India (+95% YoY), the UK (+11% YoY) and Asia-Pacific (+11% YoY). Revenue from India surged 95% YoY to Rs. 5,708cr, fueled by the rapid scale-up of the BSNL deal. Conversely, revenue from North America fell 1% YoY to Rs. 30,572cr, impacted by client-specific issues and softness in the communication segment. EBITDA increased 6% YoY to Rs. 16,731cr, led by lower cost of sales and revenue growth, with margin reaching to 26% (-40bps YoY). Consequently, PAT rose 5% YoY to Rs. 11,955cr. TCS’s prospects are expected to receive a significant boost from a strengthened workforce, stabilisation of headwinds, large deal ramp-ups, and a healthy order pipeline. Outlook Therefore, we remain optimistic about the company’s growth prospects and reiterate our Buy rating on the stock ,based on 30x P/E on FY26E Adj. EPS with a revised target price of Rs.4,634. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Deepak Nitrite; target of Rs 2582: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Deepak Nitrite Deepak Nitrite Ltd (DN) is working towards doubling its phenol capacity over the next 4-5 years through multiple forward integration projects. However, margins are likely to come under pressure due to the ongoing capacity additions in China, which may soon outpace demand. Deepak Phenolics' EBIT/kg has dropped from Rs23/kg in FY22 to Rs17/kg; we expect it to remain in the Rs16-17/kg range until FY27. Like DN, expansions in China are also in integrated fashion, thereby impacting margins across the value chain. While DN’s entry into polycarbonates and methyl methacrylate (MMA) targets import substitution to cater to the rising domestic demand, the influx of cheaper imports from China will pose a significant threat, potentially impacting margins. Outlook We anticipate ~8.7% EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. Considering largely commodity nature of the business, we value the stock at 36x FY27 EPS and retain ‘Reduce’ rating with TP of Rs2,582. Key risks to our recommendation would be imposing of anti-dumping duty, and diversification into value-added specialty chemicals. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: UBS Securities downgrades SRF to 'sell', warns of potential negative surprises; stock falls 2% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Brokerage firm UBS Securities has taken a bearish turn on SRF as it downgraded the stock to a 'sell' from its previous 'buy' call. Not stopping there, the brokerage also slashed its price target for the chemical maker by over 22 percent to Rs 2,100 which forecasts a potential downside of 9 percent from the previous closing levels. Shares of SRF also fell 2 percent following the downgrade and at 11.38 am, were trading at Rs 2,261.75 on the NSE. The downgrade stems from SRF's persistent growth challenges, sluggish agrochemical demand (with China expected to capture more market share), and softness in demand and pricing for refrigerant gases. UBS Securities highlighted these issues and flagged the potential for negative surprises from SRF in the near future. &quot;The US refrigerant gas market, where SRF is a key exporter, is grappling with weak demand due to high channel filling last year ahead of quota implementation, while Chinese manufacturers are gaining share by subsidising export prices thanks to strong domestic profitability,&quot; the brokerage noted. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action UBS has also slashed its earnings per share (EPS) estimates for FY25 and FY26 by 20 percent and 22 percent, respectively. At UBS's price target, SRF would be valued near its five-year average price-to-earnings ratio based on FY26 estimated EPS, a significant drop from the current 20 percent premium. The company has faced weak earnings over the past few years, impacted by a surge in low-cost inventories from China and declining prices. Similarly, SRF's shares have remained largely unchanged, delivering just 4 percent returns over the last three years. UBS Securities further noted that after prolonged financial struggles, hopes for a recovery in SRF are diminishing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ircon International stock gains as PSU inks MoU with Patel Engineering for infra projects [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Ircon International gained as the company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Patel Engineering Limited for collaboration and co-operation with each other to explore, identify, pursue and jointly execute mutually beneficial business opportunities in various infrastructure projects in India and Overseas. The stock will also be in focus as the latest shareholding pattern showed that mutual funds pared down their stake in the railway infra company during the September quarter. MF holdings in Ircon stood at 0.31 percent as of September 30, down from 1.67 percent at the end of the June quarter. Quant Active Fund exited the stock during the July-September period. The MF house held a 1.15 percent stake in the company at the end of the June quarter. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Foreign institutional investors also sold off IRCON shares in the September quarter. FII holding in the stock came down to 3.94 percent from 4.17 percent at the end of June. Meanwhile, retail investors raised their stake in the company as they now hold a 25.56 percent stake, up from the 23.41 percent reported at the end of June. Shares of Ircon International closed half a percent higher at Rs 223 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 27 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 14.8 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 39 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period. IRCON is expected to report an around 10 percent dip in its revenue at Rs 2,595 crore with a net profit of Rs 204.6 crore in the upcoming quarterly results, said Antique Broking in its preview report. &amp;nbsp;. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market Minutes|Market in the thick of earnings, will it offer fresh triggers? Infosys, Wipro, Nestle in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: nan. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RVNL stock jumps 4% on bagging Rs 270 crore contract from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd (RVNL) jumped around 4 percent on October 17 as the public sector firm emerged as the lowest bidder for a project worth Rs 270 crore from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation. The project involves the construction of 10 elevated metro stations and is to be executed within 30 months from the date of contract award. The project includes the construction of seven elevated metro stations in Reach 3A namely Hingna Mount View, Rajiv Nagar, Wanadongri, APMC, Raipur Hingna Bus Station and Hingna. Three elevated stations will also be constructed in Reach 4A at Pardi, Kapsi Khurd, and Transport Nagar. Earlier this month, RVNL emerged as the lowest bidder for an East Coast Railway project for the third and fourth line between Jarapada &amp;amp; Talcher Road and the construction of a new line between Angul-Balram, which is part of the MCRL Internal Corridor Phase-I doubling project. The scope of the order involves the execution of balance earthwork in formation, minor bridges, major bridges, P.way linking works, supply of ballast, S&amp;amp;T buildings, level crossings and other miscellaneous works between Jarapada and Talcher road. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action This excludes the station yards in connection with the third and the fourth line of the Jarapada-Budhapank project and between Angul and Balram, including yards of MRCL Inner corridor Phase-I doubling. Shares of RVNL closed nearly a percent higher at Rs 478.45 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 162 percent so far this year, significantly outperforming Nifty's returns of 14.8 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 180 percent, more than doubling investors' capital, compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period. RVNL stock was among mutual funds' top stock picks for September as it saw MFs buying around 28 lakh shares. Foreign institutional investors were net buyers of RVNL shares during the July-September quarter. According to the latest shareholding data, FIIs own a 5.05 percent stake or 10.52 crore shares of the railway infrastructure company as of September 30. This is an increase from the 3.13 percent stake or 6.52 crore shares they held at the end of June.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see flat to positive start on October 17, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 25,042, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. The benchmark indices ended lower for the second consecutive session on October 16, with the Nifty below 25,000 amid selling across sectors barring realty. At close, the Sensex was down 318.76 points or 0.39 percent at 81,501.36, and the Nifty was down 86 points or 0.34 percent at 24,971.30. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading in the green, indicating a flat to positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 25,042 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed on Thursday, despite gains on Wall Street that saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average reach a record close amid a strong start to the earnings season. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.08 -1.92 8.47 Nikkei -0.46 -0.91 11.06 Hang Seng Taiwan 0.49 2.45 23.47 Kospi 0.03 -2.81 -6.08 US Equities (Gain) The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose on Wednesday and closed at a record high, and Wall Street's two other benchmark indexes also ended higher, weathering declines in megacap tech shares thanks to small-caps gains and financial shares buoyed by strong earnings. It was the third time in four sessions the Dow has recorded a best ever finish, ending above 43,000 points again and recouping losses from the previous session. Also a whisker away from setting another closing milestone was the S&amp;amp;P 500, but ultimately it finished just short, up 27.21 points, or 0.47%, to 5,842.47 points. The Nasdaq Composite rose 51.49 points, or 0.28%, to 18,367.08. The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 337.28 points, or 0.79%, to 43,077.70. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.79 2 15.38 S&amp;amp;P500 0.47 1.63 23.65 Nasdaq 0.28 1.21 23.51 US Bond Yield (Gains) The US 10-year Treasury yield jumped 44 bps at 4.02 percent, while US 2-year bond yield was up 16 bps at 3.94 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.02 3.64 4.83 US 2-Year Treasury 3.94 3.60 5.20 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar held near an 11-week high on Thursday as uncertainty over the upcoming U.S. election looms and as resilience in the U.S. economy added to bets the Federal Reserve will be less aggressive in easing rates versus its peers elsewhere. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.51 100.89 106.25 Asian currencies (Mixed) Asian currencies were trading mixed in the early trade on Thursday with Indonesian Rupiah gained the most followed by Japanese Yen and Singapore Dollar. On month-to-date basis, except Thai Baht, all other currencies gave negative returns. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.509 -0.696 -0.716 South Korean Won -0.069 -3.02 -5.44 Japanese Yen 0.154 -4.68 -5.60 Philippines Peso 0.114 -3.51 -4.02 Thai Baht -0.111 0.400 3 Taiwan Dollar 0.050 -0.895 -4.93 China Renminbi -0.001 -0.315 -0.279 Malaysian Ringgit -0.105 -0.988 6.80 Singapore Dollar 0.137 -1.10 0.648 Crude (Up) Oil prices rose in early Asian trade on Thursday, paring sharp losses over the past two sessions, after industry data showed an unexpected drop in U.S. crude stockpiles last week. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.63 3.87 -1.16 Brent Crude 0.57 3.98 -3.12 Gold (Up) Gold prices were trading marginally higher at around USD 2677, while Silver price gained nearly 0.5 percent at USD 31.78 in the early trade on Thursday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.16 1.62 29.80 Silver 0.41 2.01 33.09 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities prices were trading mixed in the early trade on Thursday with Nickel down nearly 1 percent, while Aluminium added 0.5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 0.53 -1.05 8.39 Copper 0.29 -2.74 11.68 Nickel -0.83 -1.34 4.07 Lead 0.24 -0.57 0.75 Zinc -0.02 -1.25 14.84 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,436 crore on October 16, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 2,256.29 crore on the same day. 16th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,435.94 -51,887.48 -1,94,423.67 DII Net Flows 2,256.29 95,861.77 4,01,445.48 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Dollar hovers near 11-week high, eyes on China property briefing [/INST] The full article is as follows: The dollar held near an 11-week high on Thursday as uncertainty over the upcoming U.S. election looms and as resilience in the U.S. economy added to bets the Federal Reserve will be less aggressive in easing rates versus its peers elsewhere. The highlight of the Asia day will be a press conference in China at 0200 GMT focused on measures to prop up its beleaguered property sector, which will be key in getting the economy back on steadier footing and determining whether the rally in Chinese markets can continue. Ahead of the press conference, the offshore yuan was last 0.04% higher at 7.1328 per dollar. The Australian dollar, often used as a liquid proxy for the Chinese yuan, fell 0.02% to $0.6665, languishing near a one-month low hit in the previous session. The Aussie has been weighed down in part by investors’ disappointment over the lack of further stimulus details from China, which has also capped further upside in Chinese stocks. ”Keeping a very close eye on China, waiting for yet another press conference which is probably going to be long in rhetoric and short in detail,” said Rodrigo Catril, a senior currency strategist at National Australia Bank. ”Our sense is that there’s not a lot that we can get out of today … it’s very unlikely that we’ll get serious numbers. What we are looking for, though, is a little bit more colour in terms of what this objective of stabilising the housing market means.” In the broader market, the dollar was on the front foot, after having scaled an 11-week top against a basket of peers in the previous session. Sterling was flat at $1.2991, languishing near a two-month low hit on Wednesday due to weaker-than-expected UK inflation data, while the yen struggled near the 150 per dollar level and was last at 149.47. The euro eased 0.02% to $1.0859, ahead of a monetary policy decision from the European Central Bank later on Thursday where it is expected to deliver another rate cut. The dollar has not only drawn support from a run of upbeat data on the U.S. economy which has in turn caused traders to scale back their expectations of Fed rate cuts, but also on the possibility of a victory by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at next month’s election. ”His core policies on tariffs, immigration, and taxes would produce a more inflationary outlook in the U.S., diminishing prospects for aggressive Fed rate cuts over the cycle,” said Thierry Wizman, global FX and rates strategist at Macquarie. The dollar index was last steady at 103.51, having peaked at 103.60 in the previous session. Elsewhere, the New Zealand dollar ticked up 0.07% to $0.6061, after hitting a two-month low on Wednesday as data showed domestic inflation returned to the Reserve Bank of New Zealand’s target range of 1% to 3% in the third quarter, keeping the door open for the central bank to continue aggressively cutting rates.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade HDFC AMC, Finolex Industries, Orient Cement, CESC, ITD Cementation and others on Thursday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices closed another rangebound session on a negative note, with the Nifty 50 falling again by 0.3 percent on October 16. About 1,259 shares advanced, while 1,250 shares declined on the NSE. The consolidation in the market is expected to continue, with a focus on stock-specific action amid the earnings season. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Vidnyan S Sawant, Head of Research at GEPL Capital CESC | CMP: Rs 193.3 CESC has demonstrated a robust price structure on higher timeframes, showing strong relative strength amid market volatility. On the weekly scale, the stock broke out of a rising trendline in December 2023 and has maintained an upward trend since then. The breakout was accompanied by notable volume accumulation, indicating that the price action is well-supported by volume. Since May 2023, the stock has consistently stayed above the 26-week EMA (Exponential Moving Average), reflecting a healthy and sustained trend. The RSI (Relative Strength Index) momentum indicator stands at 62, reinforcing the bullish outlook. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 226, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 177 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 226 Stop-Loss: Rs 177 Hindustan Petroleum Corporation | CMP: Rs 434.65 Hindustan Petroleum Corporation has gained momentum and displayed consistent price growth following the breakout from a Cup and Handle pattern. On the weekly scale, the stock experienced a change in polarity at the February 2024 swing high, reinforcing a robust price structure and suggesting further upside potential. Since the breakout, Hindustan Petroleum has consistently maintained its position above both the 12-week and 26-week EMAs, signaling strong trend support. The RSI stands at 64, indicating that the positive price action is backed by bullish momentum. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside target of Rs 502, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 398 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 502 Stop-Loss: Rs 398 HDFC Asset Management Company | CMP: Rs 4,828 HDFC AMC has shown strong resilience since March 2023, consistently forming higher highs and higher lows. Despite challenging market conditions, the stock has remained stable within a well-defined range, showcasing its strength and relative outperformance. Trading volume has also surged above the 21-week average, indicating growing investor interest. On the daily chart, the stock recently broke through a key resistance level at Rs 4,546 with a solid bullish candlestick backed by strong volume. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside potential target of Rs 5,625, with a stop-loss at Rs 4,423 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,625 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,423 ITD Cementation | CMP: Rs 602 ITD Cementation has maintained a pattern of higher tops and higher bottoms since 2022, consistently staying above the 26-week EMA, signaling a strong and healthy uptrend. A key structural development occurred in November 2023 when the stock reached a multi-year high, surpassing the November 2017 swing high. More recently, a change in polarity was observed from the July 2024 swing high, indicating that the stock is positioned for further price growth. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 738, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 555 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 738 Stop-Loss: Rs 555 Shitij Gandhi, Senior Technical Research Analyst at SMC Global Securities Finolex Industries | CMP: Rs 322.65 Finolex Industries has been trading under pressure for the last five months, with prices fluctuating in the formation of a lower bottom pattern on daily charts. Recently, the stock managed to take support at its 200-day EMA and formed a Double Bottom pattern around the Rs 265 level. Technically, a fresh breakout has been observed above the long-term falling channel. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock on dips until the Rs 310 level for the expected upside of Rs 350-355, with a downside support zone of Rs 305-300. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 350, Rs 355 Stop-Loss: Rs 270 Orient Cement | CMP: Rs 328.65 Orient Cement marked its 52-week high of Rs 369.60 in August, followed by a series of profit bookings that retraced the stock back towards its 200-day EMA on daily charts. However, the stock managed to take support there and has once again resumed its uptrend. Technically, the stock has formed a Cup &amp;amp; Handle pattern on broader charts and has caught renewed bullish momentum with a fresh breakout. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 320-330 for the expected upside of Rs 585-590, with a downside support zone of Rs 310-300. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 375, Rs 380 Stop-Loss: Rs 285 Thyrocare Technologies | CMP: Rs 889.5 Thyrocare Technologies has been consolidating in a range of Rs 780-880 for the last two months, with prices fluctuating within a formation of lower highs and lower lows on a weekly interval. This week, a fresh breakout has been observed above the Bullish Flag pattern on weekly charts as the stock has picked up fresh bullish momentum above its key resistance level of Rs 880 after a series of consolidation phases. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 880-890 for the expected upside of Rs 1,000-1,010, with a downside support zone of Rs 875-865. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,000, Rs 1,010 Stop-Loss: Rs 800. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Bajaj Auto, L&T Technology, Rail Vikas Nigam, Bikaji Foods, Oriana Power, Pondy Oxide in focus on Thursday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and fund raising, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Infosys, Wipro, Axis Bank, Nestle India, LTIMindtree, Tata Chemicals, Tata Communications, Ceat, Havells India, Jindal Stainless, Central Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank, 5paisa Capital, Geojit Financial Services, Deccan Bearings, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Harshil Agrotech, Mahindra EPC Irrigation, National Standard, Polycab India, Quick Heal Technologies, Shemaroo Entertainment, Steel Exchange India, SW Investments, and Tanla Platforms will announce their quarterly earnings on October 17 Quarterly Earnings Bajaj Auto Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 9.2% to Rs 2,005 crore Vs Rs 1,836.1 crore Revenue increases 21.8% to Rs 13,127.5 crore Vs Rs 10,777.3 crore EBITDA jumps 24.3% to Rs 2,652.2 crore Vs Rs 2,132.9 crore Margin expands 40 bps to 20.2% Vs 19.8% L&amp;amp;T Technology Services Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit rises 1.9% to Rs 319.6 crore Vs Rs 313.6 crore Revenue grows 4.5% to Rs 2,572.9 crore Vs Rs 2,461.9 crore EBIT increases 1.1% to Rs 387.7 crore Vs Rs 383.6 crore Margin falls 50 bps to 15.1% Vs 15.6% Dollar revenue jumps 3.9% to $306.7 million Vs $295.2 million Company reaffirms FY25 guidance of 8-10% revenue growth in constant currency, and EBIT margin of 17-18% Company declares an interim dividend of Rs 17 per share Aditya Birla Money Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 124% to Rs 26.7 crore Vs Rs 11.9 crore Revenue grows 30.4% to Rs 125.7 crore Vs Rs 96.4 crore Pondy Oxide and Chemicals Q2 profit zooms 168% YoY to Rs 15.3 crore, revenue grows 46% Pondy Oxide and Chemicals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 168.2% to Rs 15.3 crore Vs Rs 5.7 crore Revenue increases 45.9% to Rs 579.1 crore Vs Rs 396.8 crore CRISIL Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 12.9% to Rs 171.6 crore Vs Rs 152 crore Revenue grows 10.3% to Rs 811.8 crore Vs Rs 735.9 crore EBITDA increases 16.8% to Rs 223.8 crore Vs Rs 191.7 crore Margin expands 160 bps to 27.6% Vs 26% Company declares interim dividend of Rs 15 per share Kolte-Patil Developers Q2 Update Collections grow 16% YoY and down 10% QoQ to Rs 550 crore Sales value rises 22% YoY and 8% QoQ to Rs 770 crore Realisation increases 16% YoY and 1% QoQ to Rs 7,472 per square feet Sales volume jumps 5% YoY and 7% QoQ to 1.03 million square feet Stocks To Watch Rail Vikas Nigam RVNL has emerged as the lowest bidder for a project worth Rs 270 crore from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation. The project involves the construction of 10 elevated metro stations. Oriana Power The company has received a new contract worth Rs 375 crore for the construction of a 75 MW (AC) solar power plant from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company. The project involves the implementation of feeder-level solarisation under Component C of the PM-KUSUM Scheme, including land and transmission line. Bikaji Foods International The company's subsidiary, Bikaji Foods Retail, will make a strategic investment of up to Rs 131.01 crore in Hazelnut Factory Food Products for the acquisition of its 53.02% stake in tranches. This acquisition is part of the company's overall strategy to develop and expand its quick service restaurant (QSR) business vertical. Ircon International The company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Patel Engineering for collaboration and cooperation to jointly execute mutually beneficial business opportunities in various infrastructure projects in India and overseas. Welspun Corp The company's subsidiary, Sintex-BAPL, has completed the acquisition of a 100% stake in Weetek Plastic from the current shareholders. Following the acquisition, Weetek Plastic becomes a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the company. Weetek Plastic manufactures plastic pipes, fittings, and water storage tanks with a combined capacity of 19 KMPTA in Raipur, Chhattisgarh. EIH The company's board has decided to invest up to GBP 69 million in EIH London Investments for a 100% stake. EIH London Investments has not yet commenced its business operations. Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Aditya Birla Digital Fashion Ventures (ABDFVL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, has infused Rs 75 crore into Wrogn, increasing its shareholding in Wrogn from 17.10% to 32.84%. Oberoi Realty The board has approved the issuance of non-convertible debentures worth up to Rs 1,500 crore on a private placement basis. Additionally, it plans to launch a residential project named Jardin at Oberoi Garden City, Thane, on October 18. Tata Elxsi The design and technology services company has launched Coalesce, powered by the Snapdragon Spaces XR platform from Qualcomm Technologies Inc. Coalesce is an XR-based immersive collaboration solution that integrates spatial computing, digital twins, and simulations. UltraTech Cement The cement major has added 1.2 MTPA grinding capacity at its Arakkonam plant in Tamil Nadu. With this addition, its total cement capacity has reached 156.06 MTPA. Cochin Shipyard The Government of India has decided to exercise a green shoe option of up to 2.5% in the offer for sale of Cochin Shipyard on October 17. The offer for sale was subscribed 2.16 times the base size by non-retail investors on October 16. The issue will be opened for retail investors on October 17. The government is selling a 5% stake (including a 2.5% base issue size and a 2.5% green shoe option) in Cochin Shipyard. GMR Airports Infrastructure The passenger traffic in September grew by 9% YoY but fell by 4% MoM to 1.02 crore, while aircraft movements increased by 8% YoY and declined by 4% MoM to 67,018. Allcargo Gati The total volume, including surface and air express, stood at 108 kt for September, increasing by 6.9% over the previous month, but falling by 0.9% from 109 kt in September 2023. Reliance Industries The company has fixed October 28 as the record date for determining the eligibility of equity shareholders for bonus equity shares. The issue of bonus shares was passed with more than the requisite majority in e-voting on October 15. Bulk Deals Anlon Technology Solutions Mavira Growth Opportunities Fund has bought a 2.25% stake in Anlon at an average price of Rs 441.29 per share, and a 0.5% stake at an average price of Rs 456.37 per share. Titagarh Rail Systems Morgan Stanley Asia Singapore Pte bought a 0.57% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,120 per share, amounting to Rs 85.5 crore; however, Smallcap World Fund Inc sold a 0.59% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,120.12 per share, valued at Rs 88.6 crore. SME Listing on October 17 Pranik Logistics Stock Trades Ex-Date for Split Harshil Agrotech Stock Turns Ex-Dividend Madhuveer Com 18 Network F&amp;amp;O Ban Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 16 [/INST] The full article is as follows: After a flat opening, weighed down by weak global cues and a lack of fresh triggers, indices lost steam and ended in the red on October 16 amid a broad-based market decline. IT, auto, and FMCG stocks were the biggest laggards on Nifty 50. At close, he Sensex was down 318.76 points or 0.39 percent at 81,501.36, and the Nifty was down 86.00 points or 0.34 percent at 24,971.30. Zydus Life | CMP: Rs 1,018 | Zydus Lifesciences shares fell nearly 4 percent after a US federal judge ruled in favor of Exelixis Inc. in a patent dispute over Cabometyx, a blockbuster cancer drug. MSN Laboratories, which had partnered with Zydus Lifesciences, conceded that its generic version of Cabometyx infringed on three of Exelixis’ patents. Rallis India | CMP: Rs 366 | Rallis India shares skyrocketed over 13 percent as investors rejoiced the company's well rounded performance in the July-September period. The firm delivered growth on all three key parameters of profit, revenue and profitability in Q2. Cochin Shipyard | CMP: Rs 1,588 | Cochin Shipyard fell 5 percent as the government's offer-for-sale to offload a 5 percent stake in the PSU company opened today. Through the OFS, the government intends to pare stake at a floor price of Rs 1,540 per share, implying a discount of 7 percent from the previous closing level. Shipping stocks | Centre may go ahead and approve a major decision for the shipping sector in the Cabinet meeting and clear the Coastal Shipping Bill 2024, according to reports. Shares of Shipping Corporation and GE Shipping gained upto 5 percent after the news report, which could pave the way for measures to improve traffic at major ports. KEI Industries | CMP: Rs 4,358 | KEI Industries tanked as much as 7 percent after the firm's operating margins contracted in the July-September quarter. Despite recording growth in the bottomline as well as topline, the company's EBITDA margin still shrank 70 basis points on year to 9.7 percent in the September quarter. HDFC AMC | CMP: Rs 4,815 | HDFC AMC shares jumped nearly 6 percent after strong Q2 FY25 results, with the market capitalisation topping Rs 1 lakh crore for the first time. Improved yields, steady momentum in equity assets under management, and robust topline growth fueled bullish sentiment around the stock. RailTel | CMP: Rs 435 | Share of Railtel Corporation of India jumped 6.5 percent after the company secured a Rs 79.8 crore order from Maharashtra Housing And Area Development Authority (MHADA). The telecom company announced that it will establish, migrate, and manage cloud-based data centre and disaster recovery sites for MHADA under the new contract. BSE | CMP: Rs 4,506 | International brokerage Jefferies has downgraded shares of Asia's oldest stock exchange BSE to 'underperform' as the near-tern risk-reward has turned unfavourable following the 100% run-up in the stock price. The brokerage downgraded BSE to 'underperform' from 'hold' which dragged the stock over 5 percent lower. The valuations are factoring large gains for BSE or a strong bounce-back in market volumes, the brokerage said. Voltas | CMP: Rs 1,881 | Shares rose 4 percent after Morgan Stanley upgraded Voltas to 'overweight', up from 'equal-weight' earlier, pencilling in the expectation of 21 percent earnings CAGR from FY25 to FY27. The firm's growth is likely to be driven by strong volume growth in the UCP (unitary cooling products) business, with moderate margin expansion. South Indian Bank | CMP: Rs 25 | Shares surged over 6 percent after the lender reported its Q2 earnings. The lender posted an 18 percent increase in profit at Rs 325 crore in the second quarter ended September 2024. The private sector lender had posted a net profit of Rs 275 crore in the same quarter a year ago. Total income increased to Rs 2,804 crore during the quarter under review, as against Rs 2,485 crore in the same period last year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2020: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on HCL Technologies The revenue from operations of the company increased by 8.2% year-on-year to ₹ 2,88,620 million on a consolidated basis. In constant currency (CC) terms the revenue grew by 6.2% YoY and 1.6% QOQ. This strong growth is aided by surge in license revenue of software business with while digital revenue grew by 7.8% YoY along with manufacturing, BFSI and recovery seen in ER&amp;amp;D services. On the business segment front, revenue for IT Business services, Engineering and R&amp;amp;D services grew YoY by 6.2% and 4.3% respectively in constant currency terms. On Vertical front, revenue for financial services stood by (4.5%), Manufacturing by 7.1%, Life sciences &amp;amp; Healthcare by (2.8%), Technology and Services by 5.6%, Telecommunication by 61.2%, Retail &amp;amp; CPG by 6.2% and Public services grew by (2.0%) on YoY CC growth basis .On geography front, revenue for America, Europe and except ROW grew YOY by 7.5%, 4.2% and (2.6%) respectively in constant currency terms. On profitability front, the company's EBITDA for the quarter increased by 7.4% year-on-year to ₹ 63,690 million with a margin of 22.0% in Q2 FY25. The company's net profit stood at ₹ 42,370 million, with a net margin of 14.6% . The company’s TCV (New deal wins) stood at US$ 2,218 mn compared to US$ 1960 mn in previous quarter. The voluntary employee attrition rate came to 12.9%, down from 14.2% in Q2 of last year. The management has revised the lower band of revenue guidance to 3.5% to 5.0% (from 3-5% guided earlier) YoY on CC basis and EBIT margin guidance remains same i.e 18.0% to 19.0% for FY25. The Board has declared an interim dividend of Rs 12 for the quarter. Outlook Going forward for remaining H2 FY25 management expects guided range 0-2% of revenue growth. In 3QFY25, the management expects furlough to remain similar to last year. The company has multiple growth opportunity with focus on data modernization, GenAI stacks, security privacy, cloud engineering and low code capabilities across geographies and verticals. We maintain HOLD rating on the stock with a revised target price of ₹2020 per share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gopal Snacks; target of Rs 600: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Gopal Snacks Q2FY25 sales growth of 12.6% is a gradual expansion in momentum, which should sustain as the company enhances execution in core and seeks to aggressively expand in focus (29% Q2 growth; 25% of sales) and other states (4% of sales). Gross margin stood firm QoQ at 29% in Q2 (+25bps YoY); the management sees stability ahead as custom duty increase in edible oil has been passed. OPM stood steady QoQ at 11.6% in Q2, but contracted by 110bps YoY given increase in A&amp;amp;P spends. On a low 2HFY24 base, we see healthy earnings ahead. Overall, we maintain 29% EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. The management aspires for Rs20-22bn revenue by FY27 and OPM at 14-14.5%. Outlook We maintain our BUY rating (refer note) with Sep-25E TP of Rs600/sh on 40x P/E. With the key growth pillars in place, we see 15% revenue CAGR over FY24- 27E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Life Insurance; target of Rs 825: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on HDFC Life Insurance HDFCLIFE reported broadly in-line numbers for H1FY25, with APE 3.6% above our estimate at Rs67.2bn however, VNB Margin at 24.6% missed our estimate of 25.1% resulting in largely in-line VNB at Rs16.6bn. Margin contraction was largely due to changes in the product mix and delay in re-pricing of Non-Par products. Management revised the APE growth guidance to 18-20%, with VNB growth being in the 15-17% range for FY25E. VNB Margins will remain rangebound; however, margins should improve in H2FY25 as the pricing environment for value-accretive products is likely to improve under the new surrender regulations. To mitigate the impact of the new surrender regulations, the company has implemented a combination of deferment in commissions and introduction of a clawback provision. To bake in the Q2 developments, we have increased our APE by 2-3% while reducing VNB Margin by 60-70bps, leading to broadly unchanged VNB for FY25-27E. Outlook We reiterate BUY with an unchanged Sep-25E TP of Rs825/sh, implying FY26E P/EV of 2.7x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy PVR INOX; target of Rs 1850: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on PVR INOX PVR Inox’s Q2 results reflect better box office performance after a disappointing Q1. Footfalls, ATP, and SPH all improved in Q2 and were slightly higher than our estimates. Occupancy also increased to 25.7% from 20.3% in Q1. Although Hindi cinema NBOC saw a rebound in box office collections (QoQ), it was largely led by single movie performance. Growth in Regional NBOC was more broad-based and the Hollywood slate remained weak. Looking ahead, the upcoming pipeline is healthy, which provides comfort for strong box office collections for Q3. Movies starring mega stars should pick-up in the next calendar year. The management is also optimistic on producers churning out more movies, which should aid occupancies. On the cost front, the management is taking multiple steps to improve profitability, though most of these should bear fruit over the medium term, in our view. Outlook We tweak our FY25-27E EBITDA by ~1% factoring in Q2 results and maintain BUY with a TP of Rs1,850/share (12x Sep-26E pre-INDAS EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KBC Global announces plans to raise Rs 100 crore to cut debt [/INST] The full article is as follows: Construction and infrastructure company KBC Global announced plans to raise up to Rs 100 crore through an issue of equity shares. The company's board is scheduled meet later today to consider and approve the proposal, which includes raising the funds through permissible modes such as preferential allotment and warrants, the company stated. According to the statement, the proceeds from the equity issue will be used for debt repayment. &quot;The board will consider and approve raising funds upto Rs 100 crore by issue of equity shares, through permissible modes, including but not limited to, preferential allotment, warrants or such other permissible mode or combinations thereof, in one or more tranches, as may be decided, subject to approval of the shareholders and regulatory and other approvals, each as may be required,&quot; KBC Global said in its exchange filing. At 1.32 pm, shares of KBC Global were trading 0.5 percent lower at Rs 2.35 on the NSE. The company will also release its July-September earnings today along with the approval of the fund raise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC AMC stock surges 6%, market cap tops Rs 1 lakh crore after Q2 results show robust topline, improved yields [/INST] The full article is as follows: HDFC Asset Management Company (AMC) shares jumped 6 percent on October 16 after strong Q2 FY25 results, with the market capitalisation topping Rs 1 lakh crore for the first time. Improved yields driven by the rationalisation of commissions, steady momentum in equity assets under management (QAAUM), and robust topline growth fueled bullish sentiment around the stock. HDFC AMC stock was trading at Rs 4,825.5 on NSE in the afternoon, after climbing to the day’s high of Rs 4,849.95. Other AMC shares gained as well, presumably due to the rub on effect. Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC shares jumped over 11 percent to Rs 777; UTI AMC stock was up 6 percent at Rs 1,307; and Nippon Life India AMC share price gained about 5 percent to Rs 741. Earlier, on Tuesday, HDFC AMC posted a robust 32 percent year-on-year growth in profit after tax (PAT) for the July-September quarter, supported by a 38 percent rise in total income. Its Q2 net profit PAT rose to Rs 577 crore, up from Rs 437 crore in the same quarter last year. Total income surged to Rs 1,058 crore, from Rs 765 crore a year ago. Also read | Small cap valuations too expensive? Not really, suggests this fund manager The company’s assets under management (AUM) grew by 7.5 percent, reaching Rs 7.58 lakh crore, with notable increases in debt and liquid market share. The company’s equity market share remained stable at 12.9 percent, while its debt market share rose to 13.5 percent, and its liquid market share grew to 12.1 percent. Brokerage views reflected a mix of optimism and caution. Jefferies maintained its 'Buy' call with a target price of Rs 5,450, saying that the company’s topline growth and yield uptick were significant drivers of growth in profit before tax (PBT). However, the one-time tax outflow linked to legacy gains slightly moderated PAT growth. Jefferies target price implies about 20 percent upside from the previous close of Rs 4,555. Morgan Stanley, on the other hand, kept an 'Equal-Weight' rating with a lower target price of Rs 4,120, implying about 10 percent downside from yesterday’s close. Analysts said that the operating profit was in line with expectations and PBT beat estimates due to higher other income. But higher tax outflow following the Union Budget 2024 weighed on net profits. Despite this, Morgan Stanley expects that the rationalisation of commissions would lead to higher yields.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Uncertainty over China stimulus leaves metal stocks in a state of flux; clarity to reignite momentum [/INST] The full article is as follows: The uncertainty surrounding China's stimulus and the roadmap to revive its economy has put metal stocks in a state of flux, leaving investors wondering if it's too soon to celebrate. Initially, China's measures to revive its battered property sector sparked optimism, but metal stocks have since experienced bouts of volatility, becoming highly sensitive to shifting market expectations. What once seemed like strong upside potential for metal stocks has now lost some momentum. While there’s still hope that China will introduce more robust measures to boost its economy, analysts believe that metal stocks will only see significant bullish momentum once the government provides clear guidance. Until that happens, scepticism lingers, as investors try to gauge whether these measures will trigger a substantial turnaround or remain another shot in the dark. Why does China's stimulus matter? China is the world's largest consumer of base metals, significantly influencing global demand for metals. In recent years, Indian metal companies have faced challenges due to weak pricing caused by faltering demand from China, mainly due to its struggling property sector and slow economic growth. As domestic demand in China slowed down, Chinese metal manufacturers turned to global markets, resulting in an oversupply compared to sluggish demand, further pressuring prices. This is where China's stimulus and efforts to revive its debt-ridden property sector come into play. If China's measures are successful in revitalising its struggling property sector, it will lead to increased global demand for metals, benefiting Indian metal companies. A revival of China's property and manufacturing sectors will particularly benefit Indian steelmakers and iron ore mining companies such as NMDC, Tata Steel, JSW Steel, and Jindal Steel and Power. Steel and iron, essential for steel manufacturing, are the commodities expected to experience the highest surge in demand from a recovery in China's property sector. Iron ore prices have displayed significant fluctuations recently as investors reacted to expectations and disappointments related to China's stimulus. &quot;The uncertainty surrounding China’s stimulus plans has created a volatile environment for base metals. While the government has made efforts to boost the economy, the timing and impact of these measures are still unclear, fuelling speculation and price swings,&quot; said Aamir Makda, Commodity &amp;amp; Currency Analyst at Choice Broking. This volatility directly impacts metal manufacturers, as their earnings and profitability are closely linked to base metal prices. Recent fluctuations, especially in iron ore prices, have contributed to an inconsistent trend in metal stocks. The Nifty Metal index has shown mixed performance, gaining in six out of the last twelve sessions but edging more than 2 percent lower overall during this period. The sectoral index was also trading in the red today. Also Read | China’s Housing Ministry may unveil measures for property sector on Thursday What's happening with metal companies? Metal companies have faced pressure in recent quarters due to falling prices and weakening demand. For the second quarter, Elara Capital analysts expect all ferrous metal companies like Tata Steel, JSW Steel, and Jindal Steel to report a sequential drop in EBITDA of around 2 percent year-on-year amid weak steel prices. NMDC is also expected to see a decline in EBITDA per tonne by close to 30 percent quarter-on-quarter after raising prices twice in the previous quarter. Near term outlook for metal companies without China stimulus While a substantial China stimulus can accelerate the recovery path for Indian metal companies, other factors could trigger a revival by the end of FY25. Analysts at Elara Capital believe that a potential reduction in steel production by China during winter, the expiration of Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) certification for some steel mills exporting to India, and planned maintenance shutdowns by major mills in South Korea could lead to a recovery in steel prices. &quot;In addition, the onset of the busy construction season in the domestic market is expected to boost demand, supporting steel prices. Furthermore, lower coking coal and iron ore prices are likely to ease pressure on profit margins, providing relief for steelmakers,&quot; the brokerage stated. Meanwhile, expectations of the government imposing anti-dumping duties on China's steel exports to India could also be another major trigger that lifts domestic steel prices, further strengthening the outlook for steelmakers. A report by The Economic Times, citing officials, stated that the government could soon expand the ambit of its stringent quality norms amid an increase in large-scale dumping of substandard steel, largely from China. This follows a comprehensive review of local production and imports by the steel ministry in early October, which revealed the sector’s increased vulnerability to global trade diversions, the report added. Stringent quality checks can help curb the surge of imports, as producers seek alternative markets due to ongoing sluggish demand and high tariffs imposed by the US and EU, raising the risk of dumping goods into India. Bhavik Patel, Senior Commodity Research Analyst at TradeBulls Securities, further believes that Indian metal stocks, which are heavily influenced by international prices, are likely to remain neutral in the short term. Moreover, Patel does not anticipate a significant rally in metal stocks before the end of 2024, though he expects a potential turnaround in 2025. Also Read | Market Wobble or Bullish Reboot: China’s short-term spark vs India’s long-term fire. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Railtel Corporation shares rise 10% on new order win worth Rs 80 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: Share of Railtel Corporation of India jumped 10 percent to Rs 449 in the afternoon trade on Wednesday, October 16, after securing a Rs 79.8 crore order from Maharashtra Housing And Area Development Authority (MHADA). The telecom company announced that it will establish, migrate, and manage cloud-based data centre and disaster recovery sites for MHADA under the new contract. Railtel shares have slipped 21 percent in the past three months. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Railtel was recently elevated to 'Navratna' status by the government on August 30, joining the ranks of top public sector enterprises. The company reported an annual turnover of Rs 2,622 crore and a net profit of Rs 246 crore for FY24, giving it enhanced decision-making power and operational freedom. In September, Railtel also bagged a Rs 156-crore order from Maharashtra Rural Development to operationalize ASSK-GP projects across the Konkan, Pune, and Nashik regions. In the June 2024 quarter, RailTel posted a 25.2 percent year-on-year rise in net profit to Rs 48.7 crore, with revenue from operations growing 19.4 percent YoY to Rs 558.1 crore. The railway PSU forecasts telecom revenue to grow by 9–10 percent, with project revenue expected to reach Rs 2,000 crore, driving overall revenue growth of 25–30 percent in FY25. At about 12:50 pm, shares of the company were trading at Rs 440, higher by 8 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Angel One; target of Rs 4100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Angel One 2QFY25 PAT grew 39% YoY to INR4.2b (5% beat), aided by better-thanexpected operational efficiency. Revenue from operations jumped 45% YoY to INR9.8b, largely in line with our estimate. The total number of orders increased to 489m in 2QFY25 from 338m in 2QFY24 (up 45% YoY). Gross broking revenue per order declined 11% YoY to INR19.1, led by a 19% drop in cash segment and a 7% fall in F&amp;amp;O. Total operating expenses rose 51% YoY (5% below our estimates). The CI ratio increased YoY to 50.1% from 48.7% in 2QFY24 (better than our estimate of 52.5%). The management expects a hit of ~13-14% in broking and related income due to new F&amp;amp;O regulations. The wealth segment is expected to achieve a breakeven in the next three years, while other new businesses could achieve a breakeven in two years. We now factor in a 6%/10% QoQ decline in F&amp;amp;O orders in 3QFY25/4QFY25. We also assume a price hike of INR3/order in 1QFY26. As a result, we cut our EPS estimates by 9%/12% for FY25/FY26. Upsides could come from revenues from new segments, which we are yet to factor in. Outlook Given that regulatory uncertainty is now behind and management guidance on revenue impact is relatively softer, we raise our TP to INR4,100 based on 18x Sep’26E EPS. Maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Newgen Software Technologies; target of Rs 1260: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Newgen Software Technologies Newgen reported strong revenue growth of 23.2% YoY in Q2FY25 led by license sales predominantly in APAC and healthy growth across other markets. We built in 24%/25% revenue/EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. We now value Newgen at 50x (earlier 40x) led by 1) improved growth visibility on continued traction in banking in India and EMEA markets, focus on building scale in health insurance and government segments, healthy orderbook (22% YoY in H1FY25), with growing deal sizes, 2) strong client-mining ability – INR 50mn+ client bucket grew 2.5x to 65 in 3 years, 3) potential revenue upside when US engine fires up and 4) steady EBITDA margin above 23%. Outlook We value the stock at 50x P/E on Q2FY26-Q1FY27E EPS of INR 25 to arrive at revised TP of INR 1,260. Maintain HOLD on stretched valuations. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sterlite Technologies share price rallies 6% on new AI Data center push [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sterlite Technologies surged 6 percent to Rs 128 in the afternoon on October 16 after the company showcased its latest AI-driven data centre solutions at the India Mobile Congress 2024. The telecom firm launched a portfolio of optical fibre products to support the rapid growth of AI infrastructure in data centres, which require greater fibre density as they shift to GPU-based servers. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates While artificial intelligence models are at the front end, the backend infrastructure— the AI-led data centres—rides on optical fibre connectivity. As data centres transition to GPU-based servers, the demand for fibre optic infrastructure between and inside the data centres could surge dramatically. India has emerged as a major hub for data centre ecosystems. Early estimates suggest that by 2026, the country will increase its GPU-based server capacity in AI-driven data centres to nearly 5.2 lakh GPUs. These GPU-intensive data centres will need 36 times more fibre than traditional CPU racks due to higher server density and increased bandwidth demands. The management stated that the company's IBR (Intelligently Bonded Ribbon) cabling technology sets the benchmark for fibre densification and will serve as the backbone of AI data centre connectivity. &quot;Our expertise in IBR technology, combined with our optical connectivity solutions, puts us in a strong position to develop and commercialise this portfolio,&quot; he added. At about 12:25 pm, shares of the company were trading at Rs 126, higher by 4 percent from the last close on the NSE. Sterlite Tech shares have tanked 15 percent in the last three months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy State Bank of India; target of Rs 1000: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on State Bank of India SBI, to its credit, has one of the lowest domestic LDR, strong LCR and a formidable regulatory retail deposit franchise. Together, these significantly bolster the bank from the systemic issue of slower deposit growth. While systemic loan growth has been moderating, we believe SBI has strong chances of gaining credit market share due to its improving credit delivery, strong funding franchise and idiosyncratic issues at second largest lender. We reckon, Q2FY25’s possible stress recognition from two sovereign exposures may be viewed as a one-off. Concerns, if any, on kitchen sinking, are unwarranted; although new chairman has the opportunity to address the anomaly of slippages recognition policy (no impact on net slippages/credit costs). At systemic level, there seem rising concerns on MFI/unsecured asset quality; SBI appears well-placed with no exposure to MFI and credit card. Outlook We estimate rise in net slippages but believe ~50bps of credit costs should suffice as net NPA (~0.6%) appears to have plateaued. Despite a marginal dip in NIM, SBI should be able to sustain ~0.95–0.9% of RoA for FY25–26E, translating to &amp;gt;15% RoE. Important to note – the gap vs. private peers on RoRWA-basis is considerably lower. Maintain BUY with an unchanged target price of INR 1,000. Value unlocking / monetisation (YES/NSE) could also be near-term triggers. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Angel One; target of Rs 3700: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Angel One Angel One’s business execution remains strong, underlined by increasing share in cash volumes (17.5%), share in F&amp;amp;O volumes (20.7%), share in active NSE clients (15.5%), growth in MTF book (48.1% QoQ average MTF book growth in Q2FY25), and prospects of new business segments such as AMC, wealth management and other financial services. As such, despite possible regulatory overhang on option volumes, we remain constructive on earnings growth opportunity, coupled with the prospect of higher investor returns, basis current valuation (17x FY26E EPS). Key risk: Drop in volumes post the regulatory changes which may reduce participation in capital markets. Outlook Our FY25E/26E EBITDA margin stands at 45.2%/45.2% vs 46.8% in FY24. We estimate PAT of INR 14.9bn/16.7bn in FY25/26E, respectively. We value Angel at 20x multiple on FY26E EPS of INR 185 (earlier INR 187) to arrive at our revised target price of INR 3,700 (earlier INR 2,800). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy PVR Inox; target of Rs 2250: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on PVR Inox PVR Inox’s occupancy reverted to ~26% in Q2FY25 despite a very weak content pipeline. Management has guided for significant improvement in Q3FY25. In fact, management called out that moviegoer excitement levels are now back to pre-Covid peaks and lower number of movie releases are the only hindrance to occupancy levels reverting to &amp;gt;30% levels. Given the pipeline in Q3FY25, management is hopeful of replicating the success of Q2FY24, which is in line with our thesis (link). We believe capex intensity may also reduce as a proportion of revenue from FY26 as PVR plans to open 15% screens on FOCO model, 35-50% on asset-light model and rest on structured lease model. Net debt declined by INR 1.4bn in H1FY25. Monetisation of assets is also on track and may help in deleveraging further. Re-iterate BUY. Outlook We maintain our target price of INR 2,250 valuing the company at multiple of 16x adj. EBITDA (1-year forward). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold PVR Inox; target of Rs 1780: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on PVR Inox PVRINOX’s revenue stood at Rs. 1,622, up~36% q-o-q/down 19% y-o-y, beating our estimate of Rs. 1,581 crore. EBITDA margin (pre Ind-AS116) stood at 11.5%, beating our estimate of 9%. Average ticket price (ATP) stood at Rs. 257, down 6.7% y-o-y, while F&amp;amp;B spend per head (SPH) was flat y-o-y at Rs. 136. The company anticipates Q3 to be the strongest quarter of FY25 and expects occupancy levels to rise in Q3, Q4, and FY26. Outlook We maintain HOLD on PVRINOX with revised PT of Rs 1,780. At the CMP, the stock trades at 28.7x its FY26E EPS and 12.7x its FY26E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Life Insurance Company; target of Rs 870: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on HDFC Life Insurance Company VNB margins lagged estimates, fell by ~200 bps y-o-y reported at 24.3% vs estimates of 25.4% due to adverse product mix and repricing of IRR downwards for some of the existing non-par savings &amp;amp; annuity products (one off item). Considering the impact of surrender value regulation aspplicable from 1st Oct along with focus on higher growth in ULIPs &amp;amp; lower share of annuity in near term is likely to result in lower VNB margins by 100-150 bps in FY25E vs FY24. On the positive side, Individual APE growth was strong at ~31% y-o-y outpacing the overall APE growth (~27% y-o-y) driven by continued traction in ULIPs along with robust growth in non -par savings. Outlook APE growth guidance has been revised from ~15% to 18-20% for FY25E. VNB is expected to grow at ~15-17% y-o-y. Stock trades at 2.7x/ 2.4x/ 2.1x its FY2025E/ FY2026E/ FY2027E EVPS. We maintain a Buy on the stock with an unchanged PT of Rs. 870. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SJS Enterprises; target of Rs 1300: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on SJS Enterprises We initiate coverage on SJS Enterprises Ltd. (SJS) with a BUY and TP of ₹1,300 (28% upside). We believe that the company should grow faster than industry on the back of a) premiumization trend - transitioning to 3D dials (2x higher realization), capacitive overlays (2x higher realization), premium logos (20% higher realization), and IML/IMD products (1.5x higher realization), b) new customer additions, and c) maximizing cross selling opportunities. SJS has demonstrated exceptional integration and operational skills by doubling Exotech’s revenues with substantial margin expansion since acquisition, imprinting the same for WPI. Even excluding any impact of cover glass and any acquisition, we expect a net cash balance sheet, strong FCF generation, healthy margins and very strong growth, demanding a solid performance going forward. Outlook We expect this gap to narrow as the company delivers on the key points and triggers explained in this report, thereby making a case for re-rating. We initiate SJS with a target price of ₹1,300 (valued at 25x FY27E earnings as compared to current P/E of 19.5x). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold PVR Inox; target of Rs 1598: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on PVR Inox PVR-Inox reported better than expected performance in 2QFY25 with pre-IND AS EBITDA margin of 11.5% (PLe 10.6%) led by better cost control and strong performance from Stree-2 (NBOC of ~Rs6bn). As the movie calendar is considerably better in 2HFY25E with movies like Pushpa-2, Singham Again, Bhool Bhulaiya-3, Raid-2, and Sikandar, we expect sharp recovery in BO fortunes in the second half. We believe PVR-Inox is in the reset mode, where the focus is on rationalizing cost, reducing capex (adoption of FOCO &amp;amp; asset light model) and debt, which should yield results once content flow stabilizes. Outlook We broadly maintain our estimates at operating level and expect pre-IND AS EBITDA margin of 13.8%/16.6% for FY25E/FY26E. Retain ‘HOLD’ on the stock with a TP of Rs1,598 (earlier Rs1,474) as we roll forward to Sep-26E (12x EV/EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Asset Management Company; target of Rs 5360: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on HDFC Asset Management Company HDFC AMC saw a good quarter as revenue was 2.8% higher than PLe owing to better-than-expected yields at 46.8bps (PLe 45.5bps) led by strong growth in equity QAAuM of 14.8% QoQ to Rs4.7trn, which resulted in core income beat of 2.5%. Yields inched up QoQ as the company rationalized net yields in Aug’24 and Sep’24 across 10-12 schemes. Core PAT was a miss due to DTL impact. Equity performance within the 1-yr and 3-yr buckets remains best-in-class, which resulted in strong net flows’ market share of 14.6% in H1FY25. We raise core EPS for FY25E/FY26E by ~8% each due to upgrade in FY25E closing equity AuM for the industry from 27% earlier to 40% since equity growth from MarSep’24 has been strong at 30% (8% flows and 22% MTM). Over FY24-26E, we see healthy core PAT CAGR of 27% (earlier 22%). Outlook Stock is valued at 34x on Sep’26 core EPS. We maintain multiple at 41x, but raise TP to Rs5,360 from Rs4,700 as we roll forward to Sep’26. Reiterate ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Cochin Shipyard slips 4% as OFS opens to sell 5% stake at a discount [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Cochin Shipyard fell over 4 percent on October 16 as the government's offer-for-sale to offload a 5 percent stake in the PSU company opened today. Through the OFS, the government intends to pare stake at a floor price of Rs 1,540 per share, implying a discount of 7 percent from the previous closing level. The OFS includes a base offer of 2.5 percent stake or 66 lakh shares, as well as a green shoe option of another 2.5 percent. The OFS which opened today for non-retail investors was subscribed 1.76 percent by 10.30 am. As for retail investors, the issue will open on on October 17. The indicative price for the non-retail category will be released separately. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The government currently owns a 72.86 percent stake in Cochin Shipyard as per the company's latest shareholding data. At 10.34 am, shares of Cochin Shipyard were trading at Rs 1,606 on the NSE. Despite a sharp correction over the past three months, during which the stock lost nearly 42 percent of its value, it remains up over 137 percent year-to-date. The shipbuilder reported a 77 percent spike in net profit to Rs 174.2 crore in the first quarter of FY25, compared to Rs 98.6 crore during the same period last year. Prior to that however, the PSU firm's net profit declined by 33 percent from Rs 258.8 crore in the March quarter. As of September end, the company boasts an order book of Rs 22,500 crore, along with an order pipeline for shipbuilding projects valued at Rs 7,820 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KEI Industries share price: KEI Industries stock tanks 7% as margins contract in Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of KEI Industries tanked as much as 7 percent on October 16 after the firm's operating margins contracted in the July-September quarter. Despite recording growth in the bottomline as well as topline, the company's EBITDA margin still shrank 70 basis points on year to 9.7 percent in the September quarter as compared to 10.4 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. The fall in margins was on account of higher cost of raw materials and a spike in finance costs and employee expense benefits. At 09.56 am, shares of KEI Industries were trading at Rs 4,432 on the NSE. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Meanwhile, the company's net profit grew 10.3 percent to Rs 154.8 crore for the second quarter of FY25, up from Rs 140.30 crore in the year ago period. The cable maker's revenue also rose 17.2 percent to Rs 2,279.6 crore in comparison with Rs 1,945 crore in the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal. Beyond that, the company also reported a pending order book of approximately Rs 3,847 crore by the end of Q2. Furthermore, KEI Industries also announced plans to raise up to Rs 2,000 crore through a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP). The company plans to issue equity shares or other eligible securities as part of this initiative. However, it did not disclose how it plans to use the proceeds from the fund raise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Check out these eleven stocks that made their debut in mutual fund portfolios in September [/INST] The full article is as follows: Mutual funds added eleven new stocks to their portfolios in September, with the shares of Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd taking the lead. Funds acquired 11.29 crore shares of Bajaj Housing Finance, amounting to an investment of Rs 1,740 crore. Following this were PN Gadgil Jewellers and SpiceJet Ltd, with investments of Rs 483 crore and Rs 305 crore, respectively. Other notable additions in IPOs included Kross Ltd (Rs 110 crore), Western Carriers India Ltd (Rs 68.94 crore), Northern ARC Capital (Rs 37 crore), KRN Heat Exchanger &amp;amp; Refrigeration Ltd (Rs 20 crore), and Diffusion Engineers Ltd (Rs 18.15 crore), indicating strong buying interest from mutual funds. The substantial investment in Bajaj Housing Finance and PN Gadgil was supported by robust anchor book buying ahead of their IPOs. Bajaj Housing Finance, which debuted on September 9, surged nearly 135 percent from its issue price of Rs 70 per share. Similarly, PN Gadgil Jewellers, listed on September 17, experienced a 65 percent jump on its first trading day. A total of 21 mutual funds invested in Bajaj Housing Finance, while 10 funds took positions in PN Gadgil. Additionally, 9 funds bought shares of Kross Ltd, 4 each in Western Carriers India Ltd and Northern ARC Capital, 2 in KRN Heat Exchanger &amp;amp; Refrigeration Ltd, and 1 in Diffusion Engineers Ltd. Edelweiss Mutual Fund emerged as the largest investor in Bajaj Housing Finance with a stake worth Rs 314 crore, followed by HDFC Mutual Fund and SBI Mutual Fund, with investments of Rs 248 crore and Rs 206 crore, respectively. Other major buyers included ICICI Prudential, Kotak Mahindra, Aditya Birla Sun Life, Axis, and Nippon India Mutual Funds. SpiceJet, which raised around Rs 3,000 crore through a QIP in September, attracted significant interest from both foreign funds and domestic mutual funds. Tata, Bandhan, Union, ITI, and Groww MFs participated in this QIP. Additional stocks that saw mutual fund interest include GMR Power &amp;amp; Urban Infra (Rs 36 crore), Chemtech Industrial Valves (Rs 2.8 crore), and Imagicaaworld Entertainment Ltd (Rs 2.5 crore). On the other hand, mutual funds fully exited their positions in ten stocks, with the largest exit being TCNS Clothing (Rs 512 crore), followed by Jash Engineering (Rs 72 crore) and Pix Transmissions (Rs 62 crore). Other exits included JSW Holdings, Uflex Ltd, Dalmia Bharat Sugar &amp;amp; Industries, Mukund, HMA Agro Industries, Panacea Biotec, and Medicamen Biotech.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Rallis India zooms 14% as all-round performance in Q2 lifts sentiment [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Rallis India skyrocketed 14 percent on October 16 as investors rejoiced the company's well rounded performance in the July-September period. The firm delivered growth on all three key parameters of profit, revenue and profitability in Q2. At 09.33 am, shares of Rallis India were trading at Rs 367.05 on the NSE, inching closer to its record high of Rs 373.20. The strong Q2 earnings show also lifted trading volumes in the counter. About 32 lakh shares already changed hands so far, significantly higher than the one month daily traded average of three lakh shares. The company's net profit for the quarter rose 20 percent on year to Rs 98 crore, up from Rs 82 crore in the year ago period. Revenue also charted a similar trajectory and grew 11.5 percent to Rs 928 crore in Q2 as against Rs 832 in the same quarter last fiscal. Gyanendra Shukla, Managing Director &amp;amp; CEO, Rallis India stated that the growth in Q2 was driven by strong domestic demand with above normal monsoon, better commodity prices and volume recovery in international market even as pricing continued to be muted. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action &quot;Domestic crop care delivered volume led revenue growth of 11 percent with prices impacting overall realisation. Seeds revenue was up by 48 percent due to better kharif liquidation. International business had volume recovery though prices continue to be a challenge,&quot; Shukla further added. Along with strong topline and bottomline growth, EBITDA margin also expanded to 17.9 percent in Q2 from 16 percent in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages see brighter days ahead for PVR Inox even as firm swings into red with Q2 loss [/INST] The full article is as follows: Multiplex operator PVR Inox swung into the red as it delivered a consolidated net loss of Rs 12 crore for the July-September quarter. Even though the company's bottomline took a sharp turn from the net profit of Rs 166 crore it posted in the year-ago period, brokerages continue to forecast better times for the multiplex operator in the coming quarter. Looking ahead, analysts at Emkay Institutional Equities see a healthy upcoming release pipeline, which provides comfort for strong box office collections for Q3. Following a mixed first half, Nuvama Institutional Equities also expects Q3 to deliver blockbuster results for PVR Inox, driven by a robust movie lineup across various genres, perfectly timed with the festive season. Big-budget releases like Joker: Folie A Deux and Jigra in October, Singham Again and Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3 in November, and Pushpa 2 and Sitare Zameen Par in December are poised for success according to the brokerage. Banking on this, Nuvama anticipates PVR Inox's Q3 FY25's performance to be similar to Q2FY24, its best-ever quarter, driving on record-breaking monthly admissions and box office performance in November and December 2024. Aside from the weak bottomline, PVR Inox's Q2 revenue as well as EBITDA still came above analysts estimates, as highlighted by CLSA. Even though the firm's revenue dropped 19 percent to Rs 1,622 crore in Q2FY25, down from Rs 2,000 crore in Q2FY24, it still fared better than the estimated Rs 1,535.4 crore. Its also worth noting that the decline in revenue was on account of a high base as PVR Inox delivered its best ever performance in the year ago period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Likewise, its EBITDA margin also shrank to 29.55 percent in Q2 from 35.34 percent in the base quarter. Accordingly, while CLSA cut its FY25-27 revenue and EBITDA estimates for PVR Inox by 4-9 percent, it still forecasts 12-17 percent revenue and EBITDA CAGR for the company. CLSA also maintained its 'outperform' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,450. Meanwhile, the company's management also remains optimistic on producers churning out more movies, which should aid occupancies, according to Emkay. On the cost front, the management is taking multiple steps to improve profitability, though most of these should bear fruit over the medium term, the brokerage stated. Emkay also has a 'buy' call on the stock with a price target of Rs 1,850. That said, Nuvama also feels that even beyond a strong movie pipeline, the overall outlook for PVR Inox holds additional positives—ad revenue is on the rebound, re-releases are performing well, and food and beverage (F&amp;amp;B) revenue along with SPH (Spend Per Head) are improving. Additionally, the firm is prioritising net debt reduction, further strengthening its financial position, the brokerage wrote in a note. Nuvama also has a 'buy' call on the stock even as it slashed its price target by 5 percent to Rs 1,935, to factor in the weak Q2 results. At 09.16 am, shares of PVR Inox were trading 0.7 percent lower at Rs 1,609 on the NSE, as profit booking trickled in after the 2 percent gains in the stock in the previous session following its Q2 results. Also Read | Growing the pie: PVR Inox to roll out 8-10 food courts by FY26, first launch lined up for Dec. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold HCL Technologies; target of Rs 1887: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HCL Technologies HCL Technologies Q2FY25 earnings exceeded our expectations, despite revenue aligning our projections. Revenue stood at INR 288,620 Mn, up 6.2% YoY in CC (+1.6% QoQ CC). This was driven by the IT and Business service segment, which increased 6.2% YoY in CC, coupled with the HCL software segment, which increased 9.4% YoY in CC. We expect Revenue/PAT to grow at a CAGR of 8.7%/12.0% over FY24-FY26E, respectively, and at a CAGR of 8.6%/10.9% over FY24-FY27E. Accordingly, we increase our FY26E EPS to INR 72.6 (previously: INR 72.5) and P/E multiple to 26.0x (previously 23.0x), driven by improving discretionary spending, robust service revenue performance, and strengthening digital capabilities, resulting in a revised Target Price of INR 1,887. However, it is important to note that HCL Tech’s historical Revenue/PAT growth from FY21-FY24, is at 13.4%/12.1%, closely aligning with our forecasts for FY24-26E. Despite this, the stock is currently trading at an all-time high 1-Yr Forward P/E multiple of 29.4x, significantly above the three-year average of 18.1x. Outlook While our estimates align with historical growth rates, the recent rally in HCL Tech's share prices, driven by expectations of improved discretionary spending, has resulted in overstretched valuations, raising concerns regarding the sustainability of these levels. As a result, we downgrade our rating on HCL Tech from &quot;ACCUMULATE&quot; to &quot;HOLD.&quot; For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 16, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange Limited has decided to bring forward by one day the expiry of the October futures contract of crude sunflower oil. The contract will now expire on Oct. 30 instead of earlier announced Oct. 31.This is on account of closure of the physical market of crude sunflower oil at the basis centre Chennai on Oct. 31, the exchange said in a circular. The National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange Ltd. announced the relaunch of unprocessed whole raw yellow peas futures contracts. Futures contracts of yellow peas will be available for trading on the NCDEX from Wednesday, the domestic bourse said in a circular late on Monday. Contracts expiring in the months of November, December, January, and February will be launched the same day. The open interest threshold of the yellow pea futures contract is 120,500 tonnes and the contract symbol is YELLOWP, according to the circular. India's oilmeal exports in September fell 35% on year to 213,744 tonnes, according to data released by The Solvent Extractors' Association of India on Tuesday. Total oilmeal exports in the first half of 2024-25 (Apr-Mar) were also down nearly 9% to 2.08 million tonnes, the data showed. This is mainly due to a reduction in the export of rapeseed meal and castor seed meal, the Association said. Exports of soymeal in September plunged to 59,818 tonnes from 105,535 tonnes a year ago. However, soymeal exports in Apr-Sept rose to 908,800 tonnes from 586,850 tonnes a year ago. This was due to higher imports of soybean meal by Iran, France, and the UAE, the association said. In September, exports of mustard meal fell to 131,265 tonnes from 189,213 tonnes a year ago. Similarly, during Apr-Sept, exports of rapeseed were down at 1.02 million tonnes from 1.34 million tonnes a year ago. Bangladesh, South Korea, and Thailand are the major importers of rapeseed meal. Exports of castor seed meal fell to 22,092 tonnes in September from 35,306 tonnes a year ago, the Association said. Even during Apr-Sept, exports of castor meal were down at 138,560 tonnes from 181,996 tonnes a year ago. During Apr-Sept, India's oilmeal exports to Bangladesh fell 8.6% on year to 398,068 tonnes. Similarly, exports to Vietnam fell 56.5% to 131,606 tonnes, the data showed. Oilmeal exports to South Korea were at 359,204 tonnes, lower than 462,187 tonnes a year ago, the data showed. &quot;Iran has turned out to be the largest importer of soybean meal from India (including shipment via Dubai) and imported 114,475 tonnes of soybean meal,&quot; the SEA said. In the case of rice bran meal, India exported 141 tonnes in September, compared to nil exports last year. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: PNC Infra shares gain 4% on winning projects worth Rs 4,630 crore from MSRDC [/INST] The full article is as follows: PNC Infratech share price rose 4 percent in the early trade on October 16 after the company received Letters of Acceptance from Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) for two EPC road projects. At 09:19am, PNC Infratech was quoting at Rs 467.70, up Rs 21.65, or 4.85 percent, on the BSE. The company received an order for construction of access-controlled Pune Ring Road in Pune District Package PRR E2 from Indori to Chimbali in the State of Maharashtra on Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) mode for a contract value of Rs 2268 crore. The other project is for construction of access controlled expressway connector to Hindu Hrudaysamrat Balasaheb Thackeray Maharashtra Samruddhi Mahamarg from Jalna to Nanded in the State of Maharashtra on EPC Mode (Length:28.895 Km) for the accepted contract amount of Rs 2362 crore. Both the contracts are to be executed in 30 months. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company has incorporated a subsidiary 'PNC AAKSIIYA JOINT VENTURE' a special purpose vehicle on October 14,2024 to execute a new engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) project awarded by City &amp;amp; Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO) of Maharashtra. Last week, company received Letter of Acceptance from CIDCO for the project of Integrated Infrastructure Development of 20M &amp;amp; above wide roads, construction of various major &amp;amp; minor structures (Viz Flyover, Minor Bridges, VUPS, PUPS etc.) and Allied Electrical Works (Street Light) in TPS -8, 9 and TPS-12 under NAINA project. The contract value is Rs 2039.61 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: G R Infraprojects shares rise 3% on project win worth Rs 1,885.6 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: G R Infraprojects share price rose more than 3 percent in the early trade on October 16 after the company received Letter of Acceptance for project worth Rs 1997.07 crore from Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation Limited. At 09:21am, G R Infraprojects was quoting at Rs 1,675.55, up Rs 53.50, or 3.30 percent, on the BSE. The project is for construction of access-controlled Pune Ring Road in Pune district package PRR W5 from village Kalyan/Rathwade to village Shivare/Kusgaon Phase in the State of Maharashtra on EPC Mode. Catch all the market action on our live blog Last week, the company received Letter of Acceptance (LoA) from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited for Nagpur Metro Rail Project. The project includes design and construction of elevated metro viaduct of length 17.624 km including railway spans of length 79m &amp;amp; 100m and a 6-lane double decker portion with vehicular underpass (VUP) for a total length of 1.14 km in Reach-1A of NMRP Phase-2. The bid project cost is Rs 903.53 crore and to be completed in 30 months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a negative start on October 16, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 25,042, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. The market failed to hold onto the opening gains to end on a negative note on October 15 with Nifty finishing below 25,100 dragged by auto, metal and pharma names. At close, the Sensex was down 152.93 points or 0.19 percent at 81,820.12, and the Nifty was down 70.70 points or 0.28 percent at 25,057.30. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Down) The GIFT Nifty is trading lower, indicating a weak start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 25,042 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Fall) Asian markets opened lower Wednesday, with Japan’s Nikkei leading losses, following declines on Wall Street. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix -0.74 -1.33 9.13 Nikkei -1.73 -0.12 11.95 Hang Seng Taiwan -1.73 1.58 22.43 Kospi -0.95 -2.86 -6.18 US Equities (Down) US stocks closed down on Tuesday, following world stocks lower as a weak sales forecast from chipmaker ASML weighed on tech shares, while crude extended its slide due to easing supply worries and weakening demand. The three major U.S. indexes ended the session in negative territory, with the S&amp;amp;P 500 and the Dow easing back from Monday's record closing highs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 324.60 points, or 0.75%, to 42,740.62, the S&amp;amp;P 500 fell 44.54 points, or 0.76%, to 5,815.31 and the Nasdaq Composite fell 187.10 points, or 1.01%, to 18,315.59. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.75 1.25 14.53 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.76 1.20 23.13 Nasdaq -1.01 0.98 23.22 US Bond Yield (Gains) The US 10-year Treasury yield was up 10 bps at 4.03 percent, while US 2-year bond yield was flat at 3.94 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.03 3.61 4.70 US 2-Year Treasury 3.94 3.55 5.09 Dollar Index (Flat) The U.S. dollar was trading flat in the early trade on Wednesday. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.26 100.76 106.24 Asian currencies (Mixed) Asian currencies were trading mixed higher in the early trade on Wednesday with Malaysian Ringgit, South Korean Won and Thai Baht were trading in the green. On year-to-date basis, Malaysian Ringgit gained more than 6 percent and Thai Baht added nearly 3 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.148 -1.20 -1.21 South Korean Won 0.062 -3.31 -5.45 Japanese Yen -0.027 -5.77 -5.46 Philippines Peso -0.010 -3.24 -4.26 Thai Baht 0.021 -0.201 2.78 Taiwan Dollar -0.047 -0.991 -5.02 China Renminbi -0.427 -0.313 -0.274 Malaysian Ringgit 0.053 -0.151 6.64 Singapore Dollar -0.008 -1.08 0.825 Crude (Up) Oil rose in early Asian trade on Wednesday on continued uncertainty over conflict in the Middle East, after falling as much as $5 this week to the lowest levels since early October on demand concerns. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.34 4.06 -1.03 Brent Crude 0.29 3.90 -3.22 Gold (Flat) Gold and Silver prices were trading flat at around USD 2662 and USD 31.49 in the early trade on Wednesday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.04 1.09 29.11 Silver 0.08 1.11 32.48 LME Commodities (Down) Except Lead, all other commodities were trading lower in the early trade on Wednesday with Copper and Nickel down more than 1 percent, and Aluminium shed nearly 1 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -0.91 -1.57 7.82 Copper -1.34 -3.04 11.35 Nickel -1.39 -0.51 4.94 Lead 0.68 -0.81 0.51 Zinc -0.98 -1.23 14.88 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 1748 crore on October 15, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 1654 crore on the same day. 15th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -1,748.71 -48,451.54 -1,90,987.73 DII Net Flows 1,654.96 93,605.48 3,99,189.19 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Cochin Shipyard, PNC Infratech, Tembo Global, GR Infraprojects, Rallis India in focus on Wednesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Bajaj Auto, L&amp;amp;T Technology Services, Aditya Birla Money, South Indian Bank, CRISIL, Accelya Solutions India, Aditya Forge, Citizen Infoline, Hi-Tech Winding Systems, Himadri Speciality Chemical, Mphasis, Nutraplus India, Pasari Spinning Mills, Pondy Oxides &amp;amp; Chemicals, Rajnish Wellness, Sai Industries, Saptak Chem and Business, Shah Metacorp, Tips Music, and Vivid Mercantile will announce their quarterly earnings on October 16. Quarterly Earnings KEI Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 10.4% to Rs 154.8 crore Vs Rs 140.2 crore Revenue rises 17.2% to Rs 2,279.6 crore Vs Rs 1,944.9 crore EBITDA grows 9.1% to Rs 220.6 crore Vs Rs 202.2 crore Margin drops to 9.7% Vs 10.4% Company to raise up Rs 2,000 crore via qualified institutions placement (QIP) Rallis India Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 19.5% to Rs 98 crore Vs Rs 82 crore Revenue increases 11.5% to Rs 928 crore Vs Rs 832 crore EBITDA jumps 24.8% to Rs 166 crore Vs Rs 133 crore Margin expands 190 bps to 17.9% Vs 16% Madhya Bharat Agro Products Q2 (YoY) Profit falls 7.3% to Rs 13.84 crore Vs Rs 14.9 crore Revenue declines 0.06% to Rs 278.3 crore Vs Rs 278.5 crore Alok Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss at Rs 262.1 crore Vs loss of Rs 174.8 crore Revenue falls 35.5% to Rs 885.7 crore Vs Rs 1,372.3 crore Stocks To Watch Cochin Shipyard The Government of India will be selling a 5% stake in Cochin Shipyard via the offer-for-sale (OFS) route. The floor price has been fixed at Rs 1,540 per share. The OFS includes a base offer size of 2.5% and a green shoe option of 2.5%. The issue will open for non-retail investors on October 16 and for retail investors on October 17. PNC Infratech The company has received Letters of Acceptance from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) for two EPC road projects worth Rs 4,630 crore. The projects involve the construction of an access-controlled Pune ring road from Indori to Chimbali and an access-controlled expressway connector to the Hindu Hrudaysamrat Balasaheb Thackeray Maharashtra Samruddhi Mahamarg from Jalna to Nanded in Maharashtra, on an EPC basis. GR Infraprojects The company has received a Letter of Acceptance from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation for a project worth Rs 1,885.63 crore. The project involves the construction of an access-controlled Pune ring road in the Pune district, package PRR W5, from village Kalyan/Rathwade to village Shivare/Kusgaon in Maharashtra, on an EPC basis. Bhageria Industries The company has received a Letter of Award for a solar power developer (SPD) for solar photovoltaic power generating stations with a total capacity of 32 MW (AC) under Component C of the PM-KUSUM scheme. Its scope of work will include power generation, while the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company will purchase the power generated from the project for 25 years from the scheduled commercial operation date. Capri Global Capital The non-banking financial company has launched its Rooftop Solar Finance product under MSME loans. It has partnered with Credit Fair, a renewable energy fintech, to onboard customers digitally to avail loans and aims to build a separate loan book of Rs 1,000 crore in the coming years. Power Finance Corporation The company has transferred two wholly owned subsidiaries of PFC Consulting—Jamnagar Transmission and Navinal Transmission—to Adani Energy Solutions for Rs 19.3 crore and Rs 19.14 crore, respectively. PFC Consulting is a subsidiary of Power Finance Corporation. Jamnagar Transmission was established for the development of a network expansion scheme in Gujarat for the drawl of about 3.6 GW load under Phase-I in the Jamnagar area, and Navinal Transmission was established for the development of a network expansion scheme in Navinal (Mundra), Gujarat, for the drawal of power in the area. Tembo Global Industries The company has received an order from the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company for a 25-year Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) for solar photovoltaic power generating stations with a capacity of 124 MW (AC) under the Mukhyamantri Saur Krushi Vahini Yojana 2.0. RailTel Corporation of India The company has received a work order from the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority for a project amounting to Rs 79.84 crore. The project involves selecting a service provider (cloud hosting and managed service) to set up, migrate, and manage a data center and disaster recovery site for MHADA on the cloud. HFCL The company has launched two Unlicensed Band Radio (UBR) products, which include (a) a 1 Gbps small form factor 4G/5G backhauling radio offering unprecedented spectral and power efficiency, and (b) an energy-efficient 2 Gbps point-to-multipoint rural connectivity UBR. Oil and Natural Gas Corporation ONGC Petro additions (OPaL) has allotted 559.48 crore equity shares to ONGC via a rights issue. After this allotment, the shareholding of the company has increased from 91.16% to 94.04% for Rs 5,594.8 crore. LTIMindtree The company's subsidiary, LTIMindtree GmbH, and step-down subsidiary, Nielsen + Partner Unternehmensberater GmbH in Germany, have merged, effective October 2. Following the merger, Nielsen + Partner Unternehmensberater GmbH has been deregistered. Central Bank of India The Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed acquisition of 24.91% shareholding in Future Generali India Insurance and 25.18% shareholding in Future Generali India Life Insurance by Central Bank of India. Bulk Deals Garuda Construction and Engineering Societe Generale sold a 0.77% stake in the construction engineering company at an average price of Rs 105 per share. Mastek Foreign portfolio investor Smallcap World Fund Inc sold a 1.7% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 2,801.68 per share, valued at Rs 148.5 crore. However, Aalidhra Textool Engineers bought a 0.65% stake in Mastek at an average price of Rs 2,800.81 per share. Gujarat Toolroom Zeta Global Funds (OEIC) PCC Limited - Zeta Series B Fund PC offloaded a 7.1% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 14.31 per share. Nitco JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Company sold a 0.83% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 95.77 per share. Stock Trades Ex-Date for Split Pondy Oxides &amp;amp; Chemicals Stock Turns Ex-Dividend NRB Bearings Stock Trades Ex-Date for Amalgamation TV18 Broadcast F&amp;amp;O Ban Bandhan Bank, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, Manappuram Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Garden Reach Shipbuilders, Five Star Business, Bikaji Foods, Jubilant Pharmova, FDC and others on Wednesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices saw some profit-taking after a day of small rally, with the Nifty 50 ending with a loss of one-third of a percent on October 15. The breadth was negative, with 1,312 shares declining against 1,192 shares advancing on the NSE. The index is likely to remain rangebound until it decisively surpasses short-term moving averages. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Ashish Kyal, CMT, Founder and CEO of Waves Strategy Advisors Jubilant Pharmova | CMP: Rs 1,222 On the daily chart, Jubilant Pharmova gained more than 6 percent in one trading day, reflecting increasing buying pressure. In the previous week, prices found support at the Supertrend indicator at the Rs 1,045 level and bounced upward. Currently, prices are trading near their previous swing high levels at Rs 1,247. A decisive close above this level can trigger positive momentum. Additionally, the ADX (Average Directional Index) is trading at 27, supporting the overall positive momentum. In summary, the current trend for Jubilant Pharmova is positive. A break above the Rs 1,250 level could lift prices higher towards Rs 1,310, followed by Rs 1,360, as long as Rs 1,190 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,310, Rs 1,360 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,190 FDC | CMP: Rs 564.9 In the previous session, FDC showed a sharp rise, surging 5.76 percent. The stock has not closed below its previous day’s low since October 8, indicating strength in the ongoing trend. In the previous session, prices closed above the mid bands, suggesting that the rise may continue towards the upper end of the Bollinger Bands. The RSI (Relative Strength Index) is trading at 57, providing the space for further upward movement. In summary, the current trend for FDC is bullish. Use dips towards Rs 550-555 as a buying opportunity, targeting Rs 585, followed by Rs 615, as long as Rs 540 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 585, Rs 615 Stop-Loss: Rs 540 SIL Investments | CMP: Rs 656.75 SIL Investments experienced a sharp rally of 11.64 percent in the previous session. The stock has been moving in a rectangular range over the last few days, indicating accumulation. The price closed above Rs 630, confirming a breakout of this pattern. On the daily chart, the MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) is above 0, and the MACD line crossed above the MACD signal line, indicating increased bullish momentum that may continue in the coming sessions. In summary, the current trend for SIL Investments is positive. Use dips towards Rs 640-650 as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 700-710, as long as Rs 620 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 700, Rs 710 Stop-Loss: Rs 620 Om Mehra, Technical Analyst at Samco Securities Prestige Estates Projects | CMP: Rs 1,902.4 Prestige Estates Projects has shown strong momentum, closing above the previous resistance of Rs 1,900. The stock is trading above both the 20 and 50 DMAs (Daily Moving Averages), reflecting sustained bullish momentum. The weekly trend also remains positive. A breakout above Rs 1,920 could extend the rally further. Additionally, the stock is holding above the 61.8 percent Fibonacci retracement level, which adds to the bullish outlook. Based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,130 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,810 Bikaji Foods International | CMP: Rs 882.35 Bikaji Foods International continues to maintain its bullish trend, characterized by a series of higher highs and higher lows. After a healthy correction, the stock has regained upward momentum and is now holding above its 20 DMA. The daily RSI has also rebounded from lower levels and is now hovering near the 50 mark. Additionally, the formation of a double-bottom pattern further strengthens the bullish outlook. Based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 990 Stop-Loss: Rs 840 Deepak Nitrite | CMP: Rs 2,932.6 After decent consolidation, Deepak Nitrite is on the verge of a breakout from a bullish flag pattern on the daily chart. The daily RSI stands at 57, indicating healthy momentum. Deepak Nitrite is trading above the 20-day moving average, suggesting a sustained uptrend. Moreover, the elevated delivery volumes in the past two sessions highlight increased investor interest and possible accumulation at current levels, strengthening a positive outlook. Based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,230 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,810 Riyank Arora, Technical Analyst at Mehta Equities Five-Star Business Finance | CMP: Rs 895 Five-Star Business Finance has given a strong breakout above its all-time high resistance mark of Rs 876.55 and has managed to hold well above this level. With the overall trend being positive and the RSI (14) on the daily timeframe being around 73.61, showing a good uptick from lower levels, the momentum looks strong. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,000 and above Stop-Loss: Rs 870 Gandhar Oil Refinery (India) | CMP: Rs 243.85 Gandhar Oil Refinery has given a good breakout above its recent swing high resistance mark of Rs 239 and is managing to hold well above this level. With the RSI (14) witnessing a good uptick from lower levels and trading at around 73.32, the momentum appears strong, and the stock seems poised for potential upside targets of Rs 262.50 and above. A strict stop-loss should be maintained at the Rs 235 mark to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 262.50 Stop-Loss: Rs 235 Power Mech Projects | CMP: Rs 3,298.4 Power Mech Projects has given a strong breakout above its trendline resistance mark of Rs 3,270 and is trading well above this level. With volumes surging and the RSI (14) showing strong signs of momentum and a bullish uptick from lower levels, the stock seems poised for upside towards Rs 3,650 and above. A strict stop-loss should be placed at the Rs 3,225 mark to manage risk effectively on the trade. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,650 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,225 Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers | CMP: Rs 1,773.85 Garden Reach Shipbuilders witnessed a strong breakout above its trendline resistance mark of Rs 1,725 and successfully closed well above this level. With volumes spiking and the outlook being strongly positive for shipbuilding companies, we expect the stock to surge towards potential targets of Rs 2,000 and above. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,680. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 15 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty remained in the red during the last hour of trade on October 15, dragged down by oil &amp;amp; gas, automobile, and metal stocks. Investor sentiment took a hit after the release of a hotter-than-expected inflation report on October 14 dampened hopes of a rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India in December. Angel One | CMP: Rs 3,210 | Shares of Angel One zoomed around 8 percent as investors cheered the discount broker's strong set of earnings for the quarter ended September 2024. The company's net profit surged 39 percent on-year to Rs 423 crore and revenue went up by 45 percent YoY to Rs 1,515 crore during this period. Ramkrishna Forgings | CMP: Rs 1,048 | International brokerage UBS initiated coverage on small-cap Ramkrishna Forgings, seeing a bullish outlook on the company and a 46% upside. RK Forgings has a low single digit share in the global market, which indicates the company can a long runway for growth, said UBS. Sunteck Realty | CMP: Rs 596.8 |Shares of Sunteck Realty surged more than 7 percent after the real estate major posted a healthy Q2FY25 performance, clocking Rs 520 crore in pre-sales, up 33 percent on-year as demand momentum continued in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) market. SpiceJet | CMP: Rs 66.4 | Shares of troubled low-budget carrier SpiceJet gained as much as 3 percent after the company informed that it has reached a settlement with two more lessors for an aggregated sum of $5 million. The DGCA also removed SpiceJet from enhanced surveillance. JSW Infrastructure | CMP: Rs 323.3 | JSW Infrastructure., the newly listed entity of the Sajjan Jindal-led JSW Group, are trading with gains of as much as 3%. Brokerage firm Nuvama Institutional Equities has initiated coverage on the stock with a 'Buy' recommendation and a price target of Rs 390 per share, indicating a 22 percent upside. Wipro | CMP: Rs 532.7| Shares of Wipro fell on profit booking, as investors offloaded their holdings. Additionally, Wipro is expected to report its second quarter earnings on October 17. The IT player is likely to clock a sequential revenue growth of around 1.2 percent, gaining from new deal ramp-ups, brokerages said in their pre-earnings note . However, some estimate that Wipro’s revenue might fall 3% on a YoY basis. DB Corp | CMP: Rs 315.5 | DB Corp reported a 17.6 percent year-on-year increase in net profit, reaching Rs 82.6 crore, while revenue rose 4.6 percent to Rs 559 crore for the quarter ended September. Despite this, shares fell almost 7 percent. HDFC Life | CMP: Rs 714.1 | HDFC Life Q2 FY25 net profit jumped 15 percent year-on-year to Rs 433 crore, beating Street expectations, led by healthy premium collections and investment income. The net premium income during the July-September 2024 period increased 12% year-on-year. However, the Street was disappointed in the results, causing the stock to tumble almost 4 percent. Oil India | CMP: Rs 557.7| The 4 percent fall in crude prices will have a negative bearing on oil drilling stocks like Oil India as it squeezes their profit margins. This is because the price of refined products may not drop as quickly or proportionately and hence, refineries holding inventories bought at higher prices may face inventory losses as the value of their stock decreases. IEX | CMP: Rs 191.9 | Shares of Indian Energy Exchange extended losses from the previous session, falling as much as 3% after fears of market coupling, which has been a major overhang on the stock, resurfaced yet again. The Power Secretary Pankaj Agarwal said that the work on the power coupling mechanism is under progress and that the government remains committed to the same.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2300: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on HCL Technologies HCL Technologies (HCLT) reported a muscular 2QFY25, with revenue of USD3.4b, up 1.6% QoQ (~2.5% organic) and 6.2% YoY in constant currency (CC), above our estimate of flat revenue growth. EBIT margins came in at 18.6%, beating our estimate of 17.4%. New deal TCV stood at USD 2.2b (up 13% QoQ) in 2QFY25. For FY25, HCLT revised the lower end of its growth guidance to 3.5%-5% YoY in CC from 3%-5% earlier. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 7.5%/8.1%/15.3% compared to 1HFY24. Outlook We expect HCLT to deliver a CAGR of 8.4%/11.5% in USD revenue/INR PAT over FY25-27E. We raise our EPS estimates by 2.4%/2.7%/3.4% for FY25/FY26/FY27 as we factor in the 2Q performance and a recovery in discretionary spending in 2HFY25/FY26E. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR2,300 (based on 30x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dabur India; target of Rs 700: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Dabur India Dabur India (DABUR), in its 2QFY25 preview update, highlighted the impact of heavy rains and floods in parts of the country on out-of-home consumption, particularly for beverages. Besides, the company experienced higher growth in MT, E-commerce, and Quick Commerce during the last few quarters, resulting in high inventory levels for its GT channel. This affected the distributor ROI, and the company made the strategic decision to correct distributor inventory in the GT channel. This led to a temporary decline in revenue in 2QFY25 (which appears to be a high single-digit revenue decline for the India business). However, on the demand front, the commentary was positive across FMCG companies with a promising outlook for 2HFY25. Our checks suggest that high inventory issues in GT are not limited to DABUR but are also experienced by many brands/categories following the success in alternate channels (especially quick commerce). As such, if volume growth in the industry picks up in 2HFY25, we expect that DABUR will also experience accelerated growth. Outlook The company has already indicated that primary growth will return to normal from October. With external drivers remaining consistent, we view the recent stock price correction as an opportunity to be constructive on the stock. DABUR is at 16%, 14%, 9%, and 19% discount to HUL, Britannia, Marico, and Colgate, respectively, on FY26E P/E. Once the company’s growth trajectory improves, we expect a re-rating potential in the stock. We reiterate a BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR700 (at 50x P/E on Sep’26). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BEML stock edges up as PSU bags order worth Rs 867 crore from Integral Coach Factory [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Shares of Bharat Earth Movers Ltd (BEML) edged higher after the state-run company bagged a major contract worth Rs 867 crore from the Integral Coach Factory for design, manufacturing and commissioning of two high-speed trainsets, each comprising 8 cars. The price of each car is Rs 27.86 crore and the total contract value of Rs 866.87 crore which includes design cost, one-time development cost, non-recurring charges, one-time cost towards Jigs, fixtures, tooling and testing facilities, which will be utilised for all future High-Speed projects in India. &quot;This project marks a significant milestone in India's high-speed rail journey and will see the first indigenously designed and manufactured trainsets with a test speed of 280 kmph,&quot; said BEML in a regulatory filing. The trainsets will be built at BEML's Bengaluru rail coach complex and are scheduled for delivery by the end of 2026. Featuring a fully air-conditioned, Chair Car configuration, the trains will offer modern passenger amenities such as reclining and rotatable seats, special provisions for passengers with restricted mobility, and onboard infotainment systems. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action &quot;This contract further strengthens BEML's position as a leader in rolling stock manufacturing and reaffirms its commitment to India's vision of a faster, more efficient rail network,&quot; BEML added. BEML, a ‘Schedule A’ company under the Ministry of Defence, plays a key role in supporting India's critical sectors such as defence, railways, power, mining, and construction. It operates through three main divisions: Defence &amp;amp; Aerospace, Mining &amp;amp; Construction, and Rail &amp;amp; Metro. With advanced manufacturing facilities spread across Bangalore, Kolar Gold Fields (KGF), Mysore, and Palakkad, the company also boasts a robust R&amp;amp;D infrastructure and a widespread sales and service network across the country. At 12:31 pm, BEML shares were trading marginally higher at Rs 3,739.30 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has risen around 31 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the 12 months gone by, the counter has risen around 54 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2120: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on HCL Technologies HCL Tech reported revenue of $3,445 million, up 1.6% q-o-q/6.2 % y-o-y in CC terms, beating our estimates of 0.6% q-o-q growth in CC. EBIT margin expanded by 150 bps q-o-q to 18.6%, beating estimates of 17.9%, aided by strong operational execution. New deal wins TCVs stood at $ 2,218 million, up 13% q-o-q/down 44%, in line with expectations. Management has raised the upper end of its revenue growth guidance to 3.5-5% from 3-5% on CC terms while maintaining EBIT margin at 18-19% for FY25. The ask rate to achieve guidance is 0-2% CQGR over Q3-Q4. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 2,120 (valued at 28x Sep26E EPS). At CMP the stock trades at 28.9/26/23.1x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2130: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on HCL Technologies HCLT reported overall strong results in Q2 with revenue, EBIT &amp;amp; PAT coming ahead of our &amp;amp; consensus estimates. Revenue came at US$3.44 bn, up 1.6% QoQ CC (PLe 1.1% QoQ CC &amp;amp; consensus est. 0.6% QoQ CC). IT Services, ER&amp;amp;D &amp;amp; Software business grew by 1.8%, 1.1% &amp;amp; 1.4% QoQ CC respectively. In IT Services, the growth was broad based across geographies &amp;amp; verticals (FS grew excluding the JV divesture) with a healthy mix of cost optimization, transformation &amp;amp; discretionary spends. EBIT margin in Q2 increased by 150 bps (PLe of 80 bps &amp;amp; consensus est. of 90 bps) to 18.6% due to lower marketing spends &amp;amp; strong software business. The deal TCV was also steady at US$ 2.2 bn vs US$ 1.96 bn in Q1 with healthy pipeline. After a Q1 trough, the recovery in Q2 was broad-based across verticals despite the revenue loss through JV divestment, which impacted FS vertical growth (flat QoQ). Outlook Given its defensive business mix and resilient vertical portfolio, HCLT is well positioned to capture the boarder market theme and participate in the critical aspects of enterprise operations. We are baking in USD revenue/Earnings CAGR of 9.3%/12.8% between FY24-27E. The stock is currently trading at 25x/22x FY26E/FY27E. We maintain “BUY” on HCL Tech assigning PE of 25x to FY27E with a target price of Rs. 2,130. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Tata Elxsi; target of Rs 7359: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tata Elxsi Tata Elxsi earnings surpassed expectations, with revenue aligning with our estimates. TELX Q2FY25 revenue stood at INR 9,551 Mn, up 8.3% YoY (+3.1% QoQ), which is largely in line with our projections. The growth was primarily propelled by the Transportation vertical, which remains a key performance driver, while the Media and Healthcare verticals continue to exhibit signs of weakness with the Healthcare segment facing the steepest revenue decline. EBIT reached INR 2,393 Mn, a slight increase of 0.3% YoY (+6.2% QoQ), falling short of our estimates (-2.2%); EBIT margins contracted by 200 bps YoY mainly due to a wage hike and elevated other expenses. We increase our FY26E EPS to INR 167.2, reflecting recent deal wins that are expected to ramp up in FY26E and enhance growth in FY26E. We reaffirm our P/E multiple at 44.0x and revise our target price to INR 7,359 on account of revised FY26E estimates . However, we believe TELX’s target of double-digit revenue growth CC for FY25E is a tall ask to ach. Moreover, we believe current valuations are too stretched, raising concerns about sustainability. Consequently, we downgrade our rating to “REDUCE” from “HOLD”. Outlook we increase our FY26E EPS to INR 167.2 (previously: INR 162.5) while retaining the P/E Multiple of 44.0x. Accordingly, on increased FY26E EPS, the target price stands revised to INR 7,359. However, TELX’s ambition of posting double-digit growth in CC for FY25E could be a big task to live up to, and more so, the current valuation seems too stretched, raising concerns regarding the sustainability of these elevated levels. Consequently, we downgrade our rating on shares of Tata Elxsi to “REDUCE” from “HOLD.” For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Second largest auto OEM in India: Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) holds 14.6% market share in the domestic passenger vehicle (PV) market in Q1FY25, second to Maruti Suzuki which has 41% share in this category. However Hyundai is the market leader by volume in the mid-size SUV segment with ~38% share as on June’24. It is also India’s second largest exporter of PV from April’21 through June’24. Valuation and Outlook We recommend ‘Subscribe for long term’. At the upper price band of ₹1960, the issue is priced at 26.3x FY24 P/E and looks reasonably priced compared to Maruti which is trading at 29.8x. We expect HMIL to be a key beneficiary of growth in PV segment due to its strong presence in the SUV segment. It is also planning a slew of launches in the EV space. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Tata Consultancy Services; target of Rs 4432: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Tata Consultancy Services Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS) recorded revenue of Rs. 64,259 Crore, a growth of 7.6% YoY. The company recorded constant currency revenue growth of 5.5% in Q2 FY25. The EBIDTA and PAT for the current quarter was Rs. 16,731 Crores and Rs. 11,955 Crores respectively as compared Rs. 15,746 Crores and Rs. 11,380 Crores in the same quarter previous year an increase of 6.2% and 5.0% YoY basis, respectively. EBIDTAM and PATM in current quarter are 26.0% and 18.6% slightly down from 26.3% and 19.3% in same quarter last year. All the Growth Markets march above company average growth wherein major contribution was from India (+95.2%) which doubled to 8.9% from 4.9% in same quarter last year, Middle East &amp;amp; Africa (+7.9%), Asia Pacific (+7.5%), Latin America (+6.8%). In the Americas, North America saw a decline of 2.1%, while Latin America grew by 6.8% in Q2 FY25, based on year-over-year constant currency growth. Vertical-wise Revenue Break-up: Energy, Manufacturing and Life Science &amp;amp; Healthcare grew by 7.0%, 5.3% and 0.1% respectively. However, Communication &amp;amp; Media, and Tech grew by (10.3%) and (1.9%) YoY-CC, respectively. Notably, BFSI vertical witnessed sequential improvement of 0.1%. The company's workforce strength in Q2 FY25 is 612,724, with a net headcount addition of 5,726 in the second quarter. They maintain a diverse and inclusive workplace, with 35.5% women in the workforce and representation from 150 different nationalities. The attrition rate stands slightly up 20bps at 12.3%. The company’s deal pipeline remains near an all time high, new deal TCV (Total Contract Value) wins stood at US$8.6bn, in line with the guided range of US$7-9bn. Notably, the deal pipeline remains strong. The management remains optimistic on Cloud, cyber security, vendor consolidation, GenAI and outsourcing opportunities from long-term perspectives, which was supported by strong TCV pipeline. Outlook The company reported muted Q2 numbers except slight momentum in BFSI segment and steady deal intake. Though management is optimistic and see recovery in Q4 led by gradual easing of inflation and interest rates, and a good holiday season. Therefore we recommend HOLD rating on the stock with an unchanged target price of ₹4,432 per share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gopal Snacks stock slumps 3% despite positive Q2 results; Emkay remains bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Gopal Snacks tumbled more than 3 percent in trade on October 15 despite the company reporting positive earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (Q2FY25). The company's net profit rose 7 percent on-year to Rs 28.89 crore as against Rs 27 crore during the year-ago quarter. Its topline rose 12 percent YoY to Rs 398.86 crore during the quarter under review. Gopal Snacks' Q2 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) stood at Rs 46.7 crore, compared to 45.5 crore in the same quarter a year ago. Meanwhile, the EBITDA margin came in at 11.73 percent as against 12.8 percent in the year-ago period. The company's board has announced a first interim dividend of Re 1 per share, representing 100 percent of the face value of Re 1 each for FY25. The interim dividend will be disbursed on or before November 12, 2024, according to the company’s filing. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Earlier this week, Emkay initiated coverage on the stock with a 'buy' rating and a price target of Rs 600 per share. The company valuations have been stressed since listing, due to slower revenue growth and weak profit margins, impacted by inflation. However, with an attentive management team in place, Gopal has been addressing loose ends and gradually accelerating growth, the brokerage said. Analysts at Emkay expect Gopal Snacks to see revenue CAGR of 15 percent and earnings CAGR of 29 percent over FY24-27. Given Gopal’s strong financial ratios, they expect the company's business growth to resume, driving a potential valuation re-rating. The brokerage said that Gopal Snacks is well-placed to leverage the formalisation opportunity in the savoury snacks industry, which is poised for double-digit growth. &quot;Leveraging its strong ahead-of-time backend capability, with utilisation at 35-40 percent and fleet of own logistics vehicles, Gopal is looking at a pan-India march,&quot; it added. Also Read | Adani Ports, Adani Energy Solutions, Adani Green Energy cut promoter pledges; Adani Enterprises, Adani Power see rise At 11:16 am, Gopal Snacks shares were trading 3 percent lower at Rs 424.20 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has risen around 17 percent, slightly outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motor India (HMI), the Indian subsidiary of the Hyundai Motor Company (HMC), is the second largest PV OEM in India since FY09. In FY24, HMI had a domestic PV market share of 14.6%. It is also the second largest exporter of PVs, with a volume share of 24.3% in the total PV exports from India in FY24. It offers 13 PV models currently, spanning across price points and powertrains. Valuation and Outlook We recommend to ‘Subscribe’ as we are positive on the long term growth and performance prospects of Hyundai Motor India. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motor India Ltd. (HMIL), established in 1996, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hyundai Motor Company (HMC) and the second largest automobile manufacturer in Indian passenger vehicles (~15% market share FY24). HMIL manufactures and sells four-wheeler passenger vehicles. HMIL’s portfolio includes 13 models across various segments along with EVs (electric vehicles) and sold nearly 12 million passenger vehicles both domestically and through exports. HMIL has 3 manufacturing facilities across India, 2 in Chennai and 1 in Talegaon, with a capacity utilisation of 97% in FY24. India’s domestic PV (passenger vehicles) sales volume rose at 5% CAGR (FY19-24) to reach 4.2 million vehicles in FY24 and is expected to clock 4.5-6.5% CAGR over FY24- 29E to reach 5.2-5.7 million domestic vehicle sales. (source: CRISIL MI&amp;amp;A) PV exports from India grew at 1.4% in FY24 (hindered by global economic slowdown) and are expected to grow at a CAGR of 7-9% between FY24-FY29, backed by economic stability &amp;amp; growth, increased push from OEMs and India’s trade agreements. In CY23, HMIL was among the top 3 contributors to HMC’s (promoter company) global sales volumes, and their contribution to HMC’s sales volumes increased from 15.48% in CY18 to 18.19% in CY23. HMIL has reported consistent growth in both top-line and bottom-line. Revenue grew at a CAGR of 21% to Rs. 69,829cr (in FY24) and PAT grew at a CAGR of ~45% to Rs.6,060cr over FY22-24, led by better sales volume and operating efficiency. EBITDA grew at a CAGR of 29% while EBITDA margins were steady in the range of 12- 13% over FY22-24, led by localisation, favourable mix and economies of scale. Valuation and Outlook At the upper price band of ₹1,960, HMIL is available at a premium valuation of 26.7x P/ E ratio based on FY25E post issue annualised EPS. We assign a “Subscribe” rating to the issue for the long-term investment, given its strong parentage with HMC, healthy financial profile, sustained earnings, increased product mix in the SUV segment and enhanced focus towards Electric Vehicle space. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce HCL Technologies; target of Rs 1710: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on HCL Technologies HCLT has reported a beat vs our and consensus estimates on both revenue and margin fronts in Q2FY25. Discretionary spends picked up in BFSI and technology services. Management commentary was upbeat on near-term demand with a qualification that macro and geopolitical uncertainties could still impact discretionary spends negatively. Upward revision of 50bps in revenue guidance at the lower end is not in line with beat in Q2, underscoring cautious outlook. Strong show in Q2 and near-term upbeat commentary lead to 3.6% increase in FY25E EPS; however, FY26-27E EPS increase is limited to 1-2%. Outlook We value HCLT on SoTP basis – services (IT and ER&amp;amp;D) at 25x (earlier 22x) and products at 20x (earlier 18x) on FY26E EPS to arrive at our TP of INR 1,710. Retain REDUCE on full valuations; stock has run up ~47% in last one year. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: JSW Infra shares rise 3% as Nuvama initiates with 'buy' on strong prospects [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of JSW Infrastructure were off to a positive start on the bourses on October 15, rising 3 percent to Rs 329 after Nuvama Institutional Equities initiated coverage with a 'buy' call, emphasising bullishness citing multiple levers for growth. With a price target of Rs 390, the domestic brokerage forecasts an upside potential of 22 percent from the previous close of Rs 319 on the NSE. JSW Infra shares have rallied 53 percent since the start of the year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Nuvama says that JSW Infra as the second-largest private port operator in a steadily growing industry, stands to benefit from strong parentage and is expected to maintain robust growth in third-party cargo. Additionally, JSW Infrastructure is evolving from a port operator into a full-fledged logistics utility company, with its strong financial performance likely to continue. &quot;We believe this opens up a vast opportunity in an extremely fragmented market and can potentially add 5–10 percent to its revenue or EBITDA over the long term. JSW Infra has significant muscle to ride this opportunity given its strong balance sheet and high promoter shareholding,&quot; Nuvama said in a report dated October 14. JSW Infrastructure (JSWIL) derives business from group customers, with future growth in JSW group companies expected to boost its volumes. JSW Steel targets a production capacity of 50 million tonnes by FY31, while JSW Energy aims for 10GW by FY25 and 20GW by FY30, up from 7.2GW in FY24. JSW Infra has 10-15-year contracts with JSW Group companies for cargo handling, some with take-or-pay provisions, ensuring long-term cargo and revenue visibility. At about 9:30 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 325, higher by 2 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sunteck Realty stock jumps 7% on robust Q2 business update, Rs 520 cr in pre-sales [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sunteck Realty surged more than 7 percent on October 15 after the real estate major posted a healthy Q2FY25 performance, clocking Rs 520 crore in pre-sales, up 33 percent on-year as demand momentum continued in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) market. The company's collections during the quarter surged 25 percent YoY to Rs 270 crore. Since the onset of the pandemic, Sunteck Realty has added seven projects (Vasai, Vasind, Borivali, Kalyan, Pen-Khopoli, Mira Road and Dubai) aggregating ~26.5msf, leveraging the asset-light model. According to analysts at Nuvama, launches are critical to boosting the sales momentum, going ahead. The company’s launches in FY24 have seen healthy traction. &quot;We reckon the upcoming phase launch in Sunteck World, Naigaon, a new tower in Sunteck Sky Park Mira Road, a new phase in ODC, 5th Avenue and one or two new towers each in Sunteck Beach Residencies, Vasai and Sunteck Crescent Park, Kalyan with a cumulative GDV of Rs 5,000 crore shall boost the sales trajectory,&quot; the brokerage said. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Analysts at Nuvama believe that Sunteck's focus on cash flow management would help keep its balance sheet healthy. &quot;SRL’s focus on cash flow and a low gearing should hold it in good stead. We anticipate a higher sales trajectory for SRL with the housing cycle turning, sustained expansion of project portfolio, and release of inventory in existing projects,&quot; they said. For SRL, investor focus has shifted towards launches from project additions, said Nuvama as it maintained a 'buy rating on the stock with a revised target price of Rs 702 from Rs 690 earlier. At 9:45 am, Sunteck Realty shares were trading 7.5 percent higher at Rs 596.15 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has rallied 33 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 26 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 15, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The India Meteorological Department Monday said that the Northeast Monsoon is likely to begin over southeastern peninsular India around Tuesday and Wednesday. The weather bureau also said the Southwest Monsoon is likely to withdraw from the remaining parts of the country in two days. Meanwhile, the Southwest Monsoon has withdrawn from the entire Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, and most parts of the northern Bay of Bengal. Currently, conditions are favourable for further withdrawal of the monsoon from the remaining parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, and Maharashtra over the next two days. The Southwest Monsoon started to withdraw from parts of Rajasthan and Gujarat on Sept. 23, against the normal date of Sept. 17. • The Multi Commodity Exchange of India has announced the launch of trading in futures contracts in cotton seed wash oil from Tuesday. Initially, the contracts for November, December and January will be available for trading, MCX said in a circular Friday. These contracts will be cash settled, it said. The trading unit in the futures contracts for cotton seed wash oil will be five tonnes, with quotations in rupees per 10 kg and a maximum order size of 400 tonnes, the circular said. The maximum open position is allowed at 12,000 tonnes for individual clients. For members, the limit is 120,000 tonnes collectively for all clients, or 15% of the market-wide open position, whichever is higher, the exchange said. The delivery centre will be Kadi in Gujarat. The National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange had started trading in cotton wash oil futures contracts on Sept. 2. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC Bank stock gets Jefferies' buy rating on strong deposit growth, LDR improvement plans [/INST] The full article is as follows: HDFC Bank shares are in focus as Jefferies has issued a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,890 per share. The lender is aiming to lower its loan-to-deposit (LDR) ratio to 85-90 percent over the next three years, which, according to the brokerage, can be achieved through a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15 percent in deposits and a slower loan CAGR of 11 percent. A loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR) is a percentage that compares a bank's total loans to its total deposits. It is used to assess a bank's liquidity, funding strategy, and riskiness. Jefferies also stated that a branch expansion strategy is expected to help HDFC Bank increase its market share in deposits, though its loan growth will likely remain at or below the sector average. HDFC Bank's loan growth is projected to stay at or below the sector average. However, the bank has scope to reduce its funding costs, which could boost its net interest margin (NIM), said Jefferies. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Importantly, compliance with priority sector lending requirements is not expected to significantly impact profits, the brokerage noted. Jefferies has trimmed its estimates for HDFC Bank by 4-6 percent to factor in slower loan growth. However, the bank’s careful management of unsecured loans is expected to help control credit costs, ensuring that profitability remains relatively stable, it said. HDFC Bank is slated to report its Q2 FY25 earnings on October 19. Earlier this month, the lender shared its Q2 business update, revealing that its deposit growth had outpaced its loan growth. It is worth noting that following its merger with HDFC in July last year, HDFC Bank inherited a higher volume of loans compared to deposits, pushing its loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR) up to 110 percent. To address this liquidity challenge, the bank shifted its focus towards accelerating deposit growth over loan disbursements. HDFC Bank stock ended 2.3 percent higher at Rs 1,689 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. So far this year, the stock has slipped half a percent, underperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 10 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Angel One stock surges 8% on robust net profit, revenue growth in Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Angel One zoomed around 8 percent on October 15 as investors cheered the discount broker's strong set of earnings for the quarter ended September 2024 (Q2 FY25). The company's net profit surged 39.1 percent on-year to Rs 423.4 crore and revenue went up by 44.5 percent YoY to Rs 1,514.7 crore during this period. The profit and revenue growth came at a time when trading activity has witnessed strong growth. Angel One competes with Zerodha, Groww and Upstox, and its share in total demat accounts rose to 15.7 percent in the Jul-Sep quarter as against 13.2 percent a year ago. Operationally, Angel One's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 51.5 percent YoY to Rs 671.9 crore, while EBITDA margin expanded by 210 basis points to 44.4 percent from 42.3 percent last year. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Its total client base increased by 61 percent YoY to 27.5 million as of September 30. Angel One's gross client acquisition for the quarter jumped by 41 percent YoY to 3 million. The broker's share in India's demat accounts increased by 251 basis points from last year. Meanwhile, the number of orders placed on Angel One's platform during the quarter increased by 44.5 percent YoY to 489 million. &quot;With a 19.3 percent share in the overall retail equity turnover, we continue to report an improvement in market share across all segments,&quot; said Angel One's CMD Dinesh Thakkar. Also Read | Angel One delivers a 44% on year revenue growth at Rs 1514.7 crore, net rises to Rs 423 crore Angel One's expenses rose during the quarter under review. The broking firm cited employee and stock options costs &quot;on account of onboarding of talent in wealth, tech, product and data analytics,&quot; as the reason for higher expenses. Angel One shares ended a percent higher at Rs 2,729.95 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has fallen around 24 percent so far this year, massively underperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the last one year, however, the counter has risen around 31 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: JSW Infrastructure shares gain 2% on LoI from Maharashtra Maritime Board [/INST] The full article is as follows: JSW Infrastructure share price jumped 2 percent in the opening trade on October 15 after the company received a Letter of Intent (LOI) from Maharashtra Maritime Board to develop all weather &amp;amp; multipurpose port in Palghar, Maharashtra. At 09:26am, JSW Infrastructure was quoting at Rs 325.55, up Rs 6.50, or 2.04 percent, on the NSE. The company has received a Letter of Intent from Maharashtra Maritime Board for development, operation, management and maintenance of an all-weather and multipurpose port at village Murbe in Palghar district of Maharashtra on public private partnership (PPP) basis – design, built, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) model. The LOI is valid for 24 months, s, with a further extension clause, which is subject to fulfillment of the terms and condition stipulated therein. The royalty payable is based on per metric ton which will be escalated in the block period of 5 years. Catch all the market action on our live blog Last week, company's subsidiary JSW Port Logistics, has completed the acquisition of a 70.37% stake in Navkar Corporation from its promoters. The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 360.95 and a 52-week low of Rs 162.05 on 04 July, 2024 and 26 October, 2023, respectively. Currently, the stock is trading 9.81 percent below its 52-week high and 100.89 percent above its 52-week low.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: J Kumar Infra share price gains on order win worth Rs 297.8 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: J Kumar Infraprojects share price gained in the early trade on October 15 after the company bagged a work order worth Rs 297.8 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation. At 09:23am, J Kumar Infraprojects was quoting at Rs 748.00, up Rs 9.50, or 1.29 percent, on the Bombay Stock Exchnage. The project is for development of Mula river from Wakad bypass to Sangvi bridge (stretch 1,2,3) and to be completed in 36 months. Catch all the market action on our live blog Earlier in this month, company received a Letter of Acceptance for the project of design and construction of elevated road in Thane city from Anand Nagar to Saket on eastern express Highway from M/s. Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) for the total contract cost amounting to Rs 1,847.72 crore. The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 935.50 and a 52-week low of Rs 394.05 on 03 July, 2024 and 26 October, 2023, respectively. Currently, the stock is trading 20.04 percent below its 52-week high and 89.82 percent above its 52-week low. The share price rose more than 60 percent in last one-year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open higher on October 15, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 25,233.50, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. After a couple of rangebound sessions, the bulls took charge of Dalal Street on October 14 and took Nifty to cross 25,150, intraday, amid buying seen across the sectors, barring metal and media. At close, the Sensex was up 591.69 points or 0.73 percent at 81,973.05, and the Nifty was up 163.70 points or 0.66 percent at 25,128. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading higher, indicating a positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 25,233.50 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Gain) Asian markets rose, following gains on Wall Street that saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&amp;amp;P 500 reach new record highs. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.81 -0.60 9.89 Nikkei 0.98 1.70 13.93 Hang Seng -0.22 -0.03 25.43 Taiwan 0.65 2.89 23.83 Kospi -0.15 -1.95 -5.38 US Equities (Gain) Wall Street ended higher on Monday, with both the S&amp;amp;P 500 and the Dow posting fresh record finishes, as investors bought into technology stocks ahead of a busy week packed with corporate earnings and crucial economic data. The S&amp;amp;P 500 gained 44.82 points, or 0.77%, to 5,859.85 points, while the Nasdaq Composite climbed 159.75 points, or 0.87%, to 18,502.69. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 201.36 points, or 0.47%, to 43,065.22. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.47 2.05 15.43 S&amp;amp;P500 0.77 2 24.11 Nasdaq 0.87 2.04 24.52 US Bond Yield (Down) The US 10-year Treasury yield fell 38 bps at 4.08 percent and US 2-year bond yield was down 16 bps at 3.94 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.08 3.61 4.70 US 2-Year Treasury 3.94 3.55 5.09 Dollar Index (Down) The U.S. dollar was perched at an over two-month high against major currencies on Tuesday, spurred by wagers the Federal Reserve will proceed with modest rate cuts in the near term, while the yen inched closer to the key 150 per dollar level. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.18 100.76 106.64 Asian currencies (Up) Asian currencies were trading mostly higher in the early trade on Tuesday with Japanese Yen gained the most followed by Thai Baht and Singapore Dollar. On the other hand, South Korean Won and China Renminbi were down marginally. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.077 -1.05 -1.07 South Korean Won -0.006 -2.81 -4.95 Japanese Yen 0.181 -5.93 -5.65 Philippines Peso 0.016 -2.76 -3.60 Thai Baht 0.096 0.036 3.04 Taiwan Dollar 0.040 -0.877 -4.92 China Renminbi -0.316 0.114 0.154 Malaysian Ringgit 0.016 0.121 6.93 Singapore Dollar 0.084 -0.933 0.979 Crude (Slips) Oil prices slid USD 2 in early Asian trade on Tuesday as OPEC lowered its outlook for global oil demand growth in 2024 and 2025 and a media report that Israel is willing to strike Iranian military and not nuclear or oil targets. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -2.97 5.02 -0.01 Brent Crude -2.87 4.78 -2.32 Gold (Flat) Gold prices were trading flat at around USD 2649, while Silver prices were up marginally at USD 31.24 in the early trade on Tuesday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.05 0.56 28.44 Silver 0.19 0.25 31.34 LME Commodities (Down) All the commodities were trade weak in the early trade on Tuesday with Zinc shed more than 2 percent, and Lead fell 1.5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -1.45 -0.67 8.81 Copper -1.35 -1.72 12.86 Nickel -1.09 0.89 6.43 Lead -1.53 -1.48 -0.17 Zinc -2.27 -0.27 15.97 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling on October 14 as they sold equities worth Rs 3,731 crore, on the other hand, domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 2,278.09 crore on the same day. 14th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,731.59 -46,702.83 -1,89,239.02 DII Net Flows 2,278.09 91,950.52 3,97,534.23 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade IndusInd Bank, Tech Mahindra, Firstcry, Persistent, Aditya Birla Capital and others on Tuesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices rallied seven-tenths of a percent, marking a good start to the week on October 14, after consolidating last week. On the breadth, about 1,288 shares declined compared to 1,251 shares that advanced on the NSE. The Nifty 50 is likely to continue its upward rally given the beginning of momentum and a fall in volatility. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Mehul Kothari, DVP – Technical Research at Anand Rathi Venkys | CMP: Rs 1,923.7 Recently, Venkys India fell from the peak of Rs 2,500 towards the Rs 1,900 mark without any meaningful correction. The stock has found support at the Ichimoku flat line on multiple time frames. This support coincides with the placement of the 200 DEMA (Daily Exponential Moving Average). We expect a bounce in the stock in the coming sessions. Thus, traders are advised to buy the stock near Rs 1,920 - 1,910 for a target of Rs 2,020. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,020 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,850 Aditya Birla Capital | CMP: Rs 224 After a correction from the recent high of Rs 244, Aditya Birla Capital has found support at the placement of a rising trendline. The stock has also turned from the Rs 220 mark, which is the 78.6 percent retracement of the recent rally. There is a hidden divergence formation on the daily scale, indicating a possibility of a bounce. Thus, traders are advised to buy the stock only above Rs 226 for a target of Rs 238. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 238 Stop-Loss: Rs 220 IndusInd Bank | CMP: Rs 1,370.5 Recently, we witnessed a decisive upward move in private banks like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, and Kotak Mahindra Bank. Currently, IndusInd Bank also appears to be preparing for the upside, as there is a positive divergence of the RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily scale. Further, the stock is turning from a multiple support zone and can be bought for a pullback. Thus, we advise traders to go long in the stock near Rs 1,360 for a target of Rs 1,430. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,430 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,315 Jay Thakkar, Vice President &amp;amp; Head of Derivatives and Quant Research at ICICI Securities Zydus Lifesciences | CMP: Rs 1,062.4 Zydus Lifesciences seems to have completed its short-term downtrend, and the momentum indicator MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) has returned to the buy mode. The stock has also formed multiple supports near the Rs 1,036 level, which is the immediate support. The stock is likely to bounce back due to short covering, hence it appears bullish in the short term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,096, Rs 1,134 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,035 Tech Mahindra | CMP: Rs 1,692.5 Tech Mahindra has provided a breakout from sideways consolidation, specifically a rectangular pattern, and the momentum indicator MACD has also entered the buy mode, indicating a bullish sign. Hence, the short-term outlook is positive. The stock has an upward cycle based on the futures data, and although it witnessed some profit booking, it has seen an upward breakout with a long build-up again. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,760, Rs 1,800 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,648 HDFC Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 740.6 HDFC Life Insurance has provided a breakout from a falling trendline, accompanied by a bullish crossover on its momentum indicator MACD on the daily chart. The stock has also seen short covering in the near term, indicating a higher probability of an upside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 760, Rs 780 Stop-Loss: Rs 727 Pravesh Gour, Senior Technical Analyst at Swastika Investmart Brainbees Solutions (Firstcry) | CMP: Rs 718.3 Brainbees Solutions has witnessed a breakout of a symmetrical triangle formation on the daily chart with substantial volume. It is trading in a new blue-sky zone, and its structure is very impressive, as it is trading above all its important moving averages. The momentum indicator RSI is positively poised, while MACD is experiencing a centerline crossover on the upside. On the higher side, Rs 750 is acting as an important psychological level; above this, we can expect levels of Rs 800+ in the near-short term, while on the downside, Rs 670 will act as a major support during any correction. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 800 Stop-Loss: Rs 670 DOMS Industries | CMP: Rs 2,789.9 The structure of DOMS Industries is bullish, having experienced a breakout from an Inverse Head &amp;amp; Shoulders formation with significant volume on the hourly chart. It is emerging from a long consolidation range with a triangle formation and is currently trading above all key moving averages, forming higher highs and higher lows. On the upside, Rs 2,900 serves as immediate horizontal resistance, and a break above this could lead to levels above Rs 3,000 in the near term. On the downside, a cluster of moving averages forms a strong base around Rs 2,550. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,140 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,550 Persistent Systems | CMP: Rs 5,616.7 On a longer horizon, Persistent Systems has broken a triangle formation with significant volume and found a strong base at the 50-DMA around Rs 5,080. The overall structure appears lucrative as it trades above all major moving averages. The momentum indicators further support this bullish outlook, with the RSI positively poised and the MACD showing an upward centerline crossover. On the higher side, Rs 5,800 serves as a key psychological level; a break above this could lead to levels of Rs 6,000+ in the near-short term. Conversely, Rs 5,200 will act as major support during any corrections. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,164 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,200. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Reliance, HCL Tech, Angel One, Sunteck Realty, Chalet Hotels, Garuda Construction, J Kumar in focus on Tuesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today HDFC Life Insurance Company, HDFC Asset Management Company, PVR Inox, Rallis India, DB Corp, Bank of Maharashtra, KEI Industries, Newgen Software Technologies, Coromandel Agro Products, Darshan Orna, DMR Hydroengineering, GM Polyplast, Gujarat Hotels, Lactose India, Morarka Finance, MRP Agro, Premium Capital Market, RO Jewels, SG Finserve, Sita Enterprises, Stylam Industries, Sybly Industries, Teamo Productions, Transchem, and Universal Arts will release their quarterly earnings scorecard on October 15. Quarterly Earnings Reliance Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 2.8% to Rs 19,323 crore Vs Rs 19,878 crore Revenue increases 0.8% to Rs 2,58,027 crore Vs Rs 2,55,996 crore EBITDA drops 2% to Rs 43,934 crore Vs Rs 44,809 crore Margin at 17% Vs 17.5% Reliance Industries Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit jumps 10.8% to Rs 19,323 crore Vs Rs 17,445 crore Revenue rises 0.08% to Rs 2,58,027 crore Vs Rs 2,57,823 crore EBITDA increases 2.8% to Rs 43,934 crore Vs Rs 42,748 crore Margin expands 40 bps to 17% Vs 16.6% Jio Platforms Q2 (YoY) Profit surges 23.4% to Rs 6,539 crore Vs Rs 5,299 crore Revenue zooms 17.7% to Rs 37,119 crore Vs Rs 31,537 crore Reliance Retail Ventures Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 1.3% to Rs 2,836 crore Vs Rs 2,800 crore Revenue falls 1.1% to Rs 76,302 crore Vs Rs 77,148 crore HCL Technologies Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit falls 0.5% to Rs 4,235 crore Vs Rs 4,257 crore Revenue rises 2.9% to Rs 28,862 crore Vs Rs 28,057 crore EBIT jumps 11.8% to Rs 5,362 crore Vs Rs 4,795 crore Margin expands 150 bps to 18.6% Vs 17.1% Dollar revenue grows 2.4% to $3,445 million Vs $3,364 million Revenue growth in constant currency at 1.6% Company announces interim dividend of Rs 12 per share Company estimates FY25 revenue growth at 3.5-5% YoY in constant currency terms and EBIT margin at 18-19% Angel One Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 39.1% to Rs 423.4 crore Vs Rs 304.5 crore Revenue zooms 44.55% to Rs 1,514.7 crore Vs Rs 1,047.9 crore Gopal Snacks Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 6.2% to Rs 28.9 crore Vs Rs 27.2 crore Revenue increases 12.6% to Rs 402.6 crore Vs Rs 357.7 crore Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Q2 The company has received orders worth Rs 2,050 crore in the domestic market in Q2 FY25, including an order of Rs 823 crore received on October 15. It has achieved the highest-ever unexecuted order value of more than Rs 10,500 crore. Sunteck Realty Q2 Business Update (YoY) Pre-sales grow 32.7% to Rs 524 crore Vs Rs 395 crore Collections increase 24.8% to Rs 267 crore Vs Rs 214 crore Stocks To Watch JSW Infrastructure The company has received a Letter of Intent from the Maharashtra Maritime Board for the development, operation, management, and maintenance of an all-weather, multipurpose port at Palghar, Maharashtra. The development of the port will be on a public-private partnership (PPP) basis with a design, build, own, operate, and transfer (DBOOT) model. Lyka Labs The company has received product permission from the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization of India to manufacture and market Pregabalin Gel 8% w/w in India, following the completion of Phase III clinical trials. Pregabalin Gel is used for patients with diabetic neuropathic pain. Zydus Lifesciences The company has formalized a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to initiate Phase 2 clinical trials of Desidustat in patients with sickle cell disease. CESC The company's subsidiary, Purvah Green Power, has signed a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire 100% of the share capital of Deshraj Solar Energy. Post-acquisition, Deshraj Solar Energy will become a step-down subsidiary of the company. Authum Investment and Infrastructure The company has entered into a purchase cum shareholders agreement with India SME Asset Reconstruction Company (ISARC) to buy 79.28% of the expanded share capital of ISARC. The company will purchase 13 crore equity shares, representing 56.52% of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 176.8 crore, and 5.235 crore shares, representing 22.76% of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 85.3 crore. Can Fin Homes The Board will meet on October 22 to consider the unaudited financial results for Q2 FY25 and fund-raising of up to Rs 4,000 crore via the issuance of non-convertible redeemable debentures (NCDs) on a private placement basis, in one or more tranches. CG Power and Industrial Solutions The company has appointed Deven Jani as Vice President – Strategic Sourcing, effective October 14. Chalet Hotels The Finance (No. 2) Act 2024 has withdrawn the benefit of the Cost of Inflation Index and reduced the long-term capital gains tax rate from 20% to 12.5%. As a result, there will be a reversal of the deferred tax asset created on capital assets, amounting to Rs 203 crore, which will have a one-time non-cash impact on the profit after tax of the company. Furthermore, there will be a reversal of the deferred tax liability in the balance sheet, created on the revaluation of capital assets (IND AS transition April 1, 2016), amounting to Rs 55 crore. Indian Overseas Bank The bank has increased its lending rate by 5 bps for overnight and one-month tenures, effective October 15. J Kumar Infraprojects The construction company has received a work order worth Rs 297.83 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation. The project involves the development of the Mula River from Wakad Bypass to Sangvi Bridge (stretch 1, 2, and 3). Bulk Deals Nitco JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Company sold a 2.78% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 93.76 per share. TechEra Engineering (India) Compact Structure Fund exited the company by selling its entire shareholding of 1.5% at an average price of Rs 184.28 per share. Gujarat Petrosynthese Life Insurance Corporation of India sold a 0.88% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 72 per share. However, Manju Gaggar bought a 0.92% stake at an average price of Rs 72.05 per share. Gujarat Toolroom Foreign portfolio investor Eminence Global Fund PCC- Eubilia Capital Partners Fund I sold a 5.14% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 13.7 per share. Block Deals Transformers and Rectifiers (India) Promoter Jitendra Mamtora sold a 1.8% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 780.3 per share, valued at Rs 210.68 crore. However, Stallion Asset, Pru World FD Inc, PGIM Funds Plc, New York State Teachers Retirement System, and Societe Generale, along with Advanced Series Trust - AST Prudential Growth Allocation Portfolio, bought the 1.8% stake at the same price. Trent Investor Siddhartha Yog bought a 0.29% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 8,115 per share, amounting to Rs 846.1 crore, from Dodona Holdings. Mainboard Listing Today Garuda Construction and Engineering SME Listing Today Shiv Texchem Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Split Abans Enterprises, Credent Global Finance F&amp;amp;O Ban Indian Energy Exchange, National Aluminium Company, Tata Chemicals, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Manappuram Finance, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Auto Q2 Preview: Revenue may rise 23% on strong volumes, rich product mix [/INST] The full article is as follows: Pune-headquartered Bajaj Auto Limited is set to release its earnings report for the second fiscal quarter of FY25 on October 16. An increase in volumes and a diversified product mix are expected to boost the company's sales to double-digit growth rates on a yearly basis. According to a Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerage firms, the Triumph maker is anticipated to record a 23 percent year-on-year increase in revenue, reaching Rs 13,266 crore. Net profit is projected to surge 21 percent to Rs 2,227 crore from Rs 1,836 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal year. Earnings estimates from analysts polled by Moneycontrol are in a narrow range, indicating that any positive or negative surprises could trigger a sharp reaction in the stock price. Also read: Chasing Chinese dragons: What's in store for Indian mutual fund investors? What factors are driving Bajaj Auto's earnings? Steady demand: Two-wheeler volumes saw a 16 percent year-on-year increase, driven by a mild rise in average selling prices (ASPs) due to a richer product mix. This includes the expansion of premium two-wheeler segments, growth in exports, and price hikes during the year. Rich product mix: Bajaj Auto, over the past year, has had a series of launches, which brokerages predict are also key growth drivers in the coming quarters. For instance, in May 2024, it launched the biggest Pulsar. The mix improvement in the two-wheeler segment and stable growth in the three-wheeler business are expected to be slightly offset by growth in the electric vehicle (EV) business. Read more: Hyundai India IPO opens tomorrow: Should you subscribe to India's biggest issue? &quot;Mild increase in ASPs or average selling price on account of richer product mix - premium 2W segments expansion, exports growth and, price increases taken during the year will contribute to the rise in revenue,&quot; Axis Securities, said in a note. Margins to improve: The EBITDA margin is expected to improve by around 52 basis points year-on-year, driven by a richer product mix, operating leverage, and cost control measures. The expansion will also benefit from better net pricing. “2W listed OEM volume grew by 11.2 percent YoY during Q2FY25 owing to the anticipated festive period and rural demand. The momentum is expected to continue in the upcoming quarters because of a good monsoon and wedding days in consistent months, which shall translate into a healthy demand moment,” Prabhudas Lilladher said in its Q2 preview note. What to look out for in the quarterly show? The demand outlook in domestic and overseas markets and CNG / E-mobility initiatives are key factors to watch out for. Furthermore, another key thing to track is the launch pipeline, progress of E-three wheelers, and raw material prices. Bajaj Auto shares closed at Rs 11,921, higher by 0.2 percent from the last close. The Bajaj Auto stock has rallied over 30 percent in the past six months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Nifty closes above 25,100, Sensex gains 592 points, led by IT, realty, bank stocks [/INST] The full article is as follows: After a couple of rangebound sessions, the bulls took charge of Dalal Street on October 14 and took Nifty to cross 25,150, intraday, amid buying seen across the sectors, barring metal and media. At close, the Sensex was up 591.69 points or 0.73 percent at 81,973.05, and the Nifty was up 163.70 points or 0.66 percent at 25,128. On the back of positive global cues, the Indian markets opened higher and extended the gains as the day progressed with Nifty crossing 25150 led by in the Information Technology, realty and banking stocks. Also Read - Wholesale inflation rises to 1.84% in Sept on higher food prices Wipro, Tech Mahindra, HDFC Life, L&amp;amp;T, HDFC Bank were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers were ONGC, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Bajaj Finance and Adani Enterprises. Except metal and media, all other sectoral indices ended in the green with Information Technology, Bank, Realty indices up 1 percent each. The BSE midcap index was up 0.3 percent and smallcap index ended flat. More than 240 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Aptus Value, Oberoi Realty, Tech Mahindra, Persistent Systems, Motilal Oswal, NALCO, MCX India, Glenmark Pharma, Ipca Labs, Divis Labs, Apar Industries, HCL Technologies, Coforge, Dixon Technologies, Page Industries, Trent, Mankind Pharma, Gujarat Fluorochemicals, V-Mart Retail, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 15 Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares After an initial uptick in the morning trade, the index remained rangebound for the rest of the day and settled at 25,127.95, with gains of 163.70 points. Barring Media and Metal, all the other sectors ended in green with Realty being the top performer, followed by IT and BankNifty. Mid and Smallcaps also advanced but underperformed the Frontline Index. A bullish Marubozu Open candlestick pattern was formed on the daily chart and breached its congestion zone and 50DMA hurdle; however, in the lower timeframe i.e. hourly chart, a convincing move above 25,200 will confirm the same. On the downside, the psychological level of 25,000 will work as immediate support and on the flip side, 25,160-25,200 will be considered a resistance zone. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap up and traded with a positive bias throughout the day to close with gains of ~164 points. On the daily charts we can observe that the Nifty has resumed its upmove towards 25500 after a brief three-day consolidation. Hourly momentum indicator has a positive crossover which is a buy signal. Thus, we expect the positive momentum to continue over the next few trading sessions towards 25234 – 25360. Support base shifts higher towards 24920. Bank Nifty broke out of a three day consolidation on the upside and is now inching towards 52500 which coincides with the 20-day average. Support base shifts higher towards 51400 – 51500.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 14 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity indices ended on a strong note with Nifty above 25,100 on October 14 amid buying across the sectors. Except metal, all other sectoral indices ended in the green with Information Technology, Bank, Realty up 1 percent each. At close, the Sensex was up 591.69 points or 0.73 percent at 81,973.05, and the Nifty was up 163.70 points or 0.66 percent at 25,128. Transformers and Rectifiers India | CMP: Rs 819.30 | Shares of the company surged to its upper circuit of five percent after a block deal worth Rs 211 crore took place on the exchanges. As many as 27 lakh shares of Transformers and Rectifiers changed hands in a block deal, at a floor price of Rs 780 per share, reflecting a 2.6 percent discount from the previous closing price. Mahanagar Telephone Nigam (MTNL) | SMP: Rs 53.41 | Shares of the PSU telecom service provider, saddled with a debt of over Rs 31,000 crore payable to various lenders, gained 4.8 percent amid reports that the company may find a revival plan coming its way and may not head to the NCLT route for resolution. Sources told the channel that there may be a case for a fund infusion into MTNL. Premier Energies | CMP: Rs 1,133 | The stock gained as much as 10 percent after the company's subsidiaries Premier Energies International and Premier Energies Photovoltaic — secured multiple orders, cumulatively worth Rs 765 crore. This includes Rs 632 crore orders for solar modules and orders worth Rs 133 crore for solar cells. The stock ended 2.3 percent higher. Wipro | CMP: Rs 550.70 | Shares of the company rose as much as 4.24 percent as investors lapped up the stock ahead of a meeting on October 17 wherein the company's board is slated to consider the issuance of bonus shares. If approved, this will mark Wipro's fourth bonus issue ever, after similar corporate actions were taken in 2019, 2017 and 2010. Hindustan Construction Company | CMP: Rs 43.74 | Shares rose over 3.5 percent after the company received an order worth Rs 1.031.6 crore from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation for constructing a two-lane bridge across Agardanda Creek, connecting Tokekhar and Turumbadi in Raigad District on the Revas-Reddi Coastal Highway (MSH-04) in Maharashtra. Avenue Supermarts | Rs 4,191 | DMart shares cracked over 8 percent as its parent Avenue Supermarts earnings show for the quarter ended September left the Street disappointed, as the revenue and net profit fell below expectations. The biggest miss for Avenue Supermarts was revenue growth, which was the slowest in four years. The like-for-like growth was the slowest in three years. Bajaj Housing Finance | CMP: Rs 142 | The stock dropped around 6 percent as its one-month lock-in period expired for the anchor investors. As the lock-in period has ended, as many as many as 12.6 crore shares or 2 percent of the company's outstanding equity will be eligible for trading, Nuvama Alternative &amp;amp; Quantitative Research said in its recent note. These shares were earlier locked and prohibited from sale. Tata Chemicals | CMP: Rs 1,099 | The stock fell over 7 percent on profit booking after the recently rally. The daily and weekly &quot;Bollinger Band&quot; buy signal shows increased activity. The stock is well positioned above its 20, 50, 100, and 200-day SMAs, which are also rising along with the price, reaffirming the bullish trend. The daily, weekly, and monthly RSI are in positive territory, justifying rising strength across all time frames. Sudarshan Chemical Industries | CMP: 1,111 | Shares tanked 7.5 percent amid sharp profit booking after the stock's stellar rally in the previous session. The stock was locked in the 20 percent upper circuit in the previous session after it announced acquisition of Heubach's global pigment business for Rs 1,180 crore. Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) | CMP: Rs 195.70 | Shares of the company fell 4.3% after fears of market coupling, which has been a major overhang on the stock, resurfaced yet again. The Power Secretary Pankaj Agarwal said that the work on the power coupling mechanism is under progress and that the government remains committed to the same.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy CIE Automotive India; target of Rs 650: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on CIE Automotive India We recently met with the management of CIE Automotive (CIEINDIA), and following are the KTAs from the discussion. The domestic market is experiencing a weak demand phase in the tractor and PV segments, while 2W continues to perform relatively well. The global auto market, particularly in Europe, remains sluggish. The EV transition in India continues to evolve as a growth opportunity, given the healthy new order wins. Additionally, the risk of EV transition in Europe remains mitigated, given that: 1) most European OEMs are now reconsidering their EV transition deadlines and 2) hybrids are likely to gain traction in Europe, which augurs well for CIEINDIA. However, the management remains committed to focusing on: 1) outperforming the core domestic industry growth in the long run; 2) further improving operational efficiencies in India; and 3) revising costs in Europe to the new normal. Given its focus on operational efficiencies, CIEINDIA has evolved into a highly resilient company. Some of the financial attributes unique to the global ancillary player include: being net debt free, having strict capex/inorganic expansion guidelines, generating positive FCF, and tracking an improving return trajectory. Outlook We reiterate BUY with a TP of INR650 (based on ~21x Sep’26E consol. EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Federal Bank; target of Rs 230: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Federal Bank Federal Bank (FB) has demonstrated a strong growth trajectory over FY22-24, with 20% CAGR in its loan book and 18% deposit growth. Over FY25-27, we believe the bank is well poised to deliver an 18% loan CAGR, aided by effective risk management and fintech partnerships. The bank views fintech partnerships as vital for product distribution, tech integration and network expansion to boost customer acquisition in FY25, as it is optimistic about the lifting of regulatory restrictions on card issuance soon. We reckon that the implementation of LCR draft guidelines in their current form will impact FB’s LCR by ~1240bp. However in that scenario, if the bank were to raise required deposits to restore its LCR back to 110% than as per our calculations, FB’s RoA and margins would be impacted by 3bp and 8bp, respectively. Please refer our note for more details here. In Jul’24, FB received the RBI's approval for Mr. KVS Manian as the new MD and CEO beginning Sep’24. With his extensive banking expertise, Mr. Manian is expected to drive strategic changes and drive next leg of growth and profitability for the bank after already delivering robust performance over the last few years. Outlook We estimate FB to achieve RoA/RoE of 1.3%/15.2% by FY27, making its current valuation at 1.2x FY26 BV attractive for long-term growth; thus, we maintain our BUY rating with a TP of INR230 (1.5x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Premier Energies share price: Premier Energies stock jumps 10% after subsidiary bags multiple orders worth Rs 765 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Premier Energies gained as much as 10 percent on October 14 after the company's subsidiaries Premier Energies International Private Ltd and Premier Energies Photovoltaic Private Ltd — secured multiple orders, cumulatively worth Rs 765 crore. This includes Rs 632 crore orders for solar modules and orders worth Rs 133 crore for solar cells. The electrical equipment maker added that the supply of these modules and cells is scheduled to commence in July 2025. The orders have been received from eight domestic customers and one foreign customer. Earlier on October 8, Premier Energies informed the exchanges that it had signed a Module Supply Agreement (MSA) with BN Hybrid Power-1 Private Limited, a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of BrightNight India. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action As a part of the agreement, Premier Energies will supply 173.35 MWp of solar modules featuring the Topcon technology for BN Hybrid Power’s 300 MW Firm and Dispatchable Renewable Energy (FDRE) energy storage power project which is located in Barmer, Rajasthan. The supply of these modules is slated to start in July 2025, the company said. Premier Energies manufactures integrated solar cells and solar panels. Its product portfolio includes cell, solar modules, bifacial modules, EPC solutions and O&amp;amp;M solutions. It has five manufacturing units, all of which are situated in Hyderabad, Telangana. Shares of the company got listed on bourses earlier this year. The initial public offering (IPO) of Premier Energies was open from August 27 to August 29. The company raised about Rs 2,830.40 crore through its share sale, which included a fresh share sale of Rs 1,291.40 crore and an offer for sale of 3.42 crore shares. At 1:13 pm, Premier Energies shares were trading 4.8 percent higher at Rs 1,158.15 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). Since its listing in September, the stock has risen around 38 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of around a percent during this period. Also Read | Sitting on 50% cash positions in some of our hybrid funds as market corrects, says Samco MF CIO Umeshkumar Mehta The company's consolidated net profit surged to Rs 198.16 crore in Q1 FY25 as compared with Rs 31.33 crore in Q1 FY24. Its net sales stood at Rs 1,657.37 crore, steeply higher than Rs 611.02 crore in Q1 FY24.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IPCA Laboratories; target of Rs 1950: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IPCA Laboratories After three years of earnings deterioration, IPCA is well-poised to deliver strong earnings growth over FY24-27. With broad-based growth in volume and pricing, IPCA has been able to outperform the industry significantly in the domestic formulation (DF) market, with 15% YoY growth in MAT Aug’24 and a 15% CAGR in MAT Aug’21-24. IPCA is making efforts to augment its export prospects through new launches and market share gains in generics exports. It is also working to drive synergies from the Unichem acquisition. After a muted performance in the US generics business over the last 10 years due to compliance issues, IPCA is geared up to revive its US business through improving USFDA compliance, new launches over the next 6-8 months, and synergies from the Unichem acquisition. Outlook Considering a 29% earnings CAGR and an anticipated improvement in the return ratio to ~17% over FY24-26, we value IPCA at 38x 12M forward earnings to arrive at a TP of INR1950. We upgrade IPCA to BUY as we factor in better operational efficiency, a revival in US business, synergies from the Unichem acquisition, and well-established DF business. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Skipper; target of Rs 635: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Skipper Skipper’s performance in last 1-2 years reflects pick up in domestic and international T&amp;amp;D capex cycle, enhanced EPC capabilities in infra and T&amp;amp;D and strong volume growth in PVC pipes. This largest Indian manufacturer of T&amp;amp;D structures is set to ride on multi-year opportunity (INR 4.75trn over FY23-27 of domestic T&amp;amp;D capex, INR 9.2trn over FY23-32, according to NEP) and plans to double its engineering capacity to 0.6mn TPA over the next 4-5 years. In addition, the company’s export business may also benefit from its expansion in developed markets. With an orderbook of INR 59bn (1.8x FY24 revenue) and OI likely growing at 20% CAGR over FY24-27E, we expect revenue/EBTIDA/PAT to grow at 25%/29%/56% CAGR. Initiate coverage with BUY and TP of INR 635, based on 27x avg. of FY26E and FY27E EPS. Outlook With an orderbook of INR 58.8bn (1.8x FY24 revenue) and expected OI CAGR of 20% over FY24-27, we expect revenue/EBTIDA/PAT CAGR of 25%/29%/56%, respectively. Initiate coverage on the stock with BUY, TP of INR 635 based on 27x average of FY26E and FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Avenue Supermarts; target of Rs 4100: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Avenue Supermarts Accelerated ramp-up of online grocery formats (quick commerce) in large metro cities led to deceleration of key growth metrics for DMART: 1) lowest revenue growth (+14% YoY) in a quarter ever, 2) LFL growth at 5.5% vs high-single digits earlier, 3) Footfalls (bill cuts) declined 1% QoQ vs +4% QoQ in base quarter, 4) Revenue throughput per store was flat YoY. Retail expansion rate (14% YoY) was stable. EBITDA margin was lower by ~30bps due to operating deleverage despite better gross margin (mix-led). Overlap of consumers seeking convenience and shopping at DMART (value) appears to be higher than expected which should continue to impact its growth trajectory. Outlook Further, scale-up of DMART Ready continued to be significantly lower (+21% YoY in 1HFY25) vs quick commerce despite lower absolute size. In the context of disruption from quick commerce, we downgrade stock to REDUCE (from Add) with revised TP of INR 4,100 For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Avenue Supermarts; target of Rs 4748: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Avenue Supermarts We cut our FY25/26/27 EPS by 5.0%/5.5%/4.9% and rating from Accumulate to Hold with target price of Rs4748 (Rs5168 earlier). Q2FY25 revenue/PAT were miss on our estimate by 3.4%/12.5%. This follows disappointing retail metrics as 1) Quick commerce and other online grocery platform players impacted sales in metro cities 2) lower SSG of 5.5% in 2Q vs 9.5% SSG in 1Q 3) tepid growth parameters with growth of 1.2% YoY in Sales/store, 1.6% YoY in bills/store/day and just 0.5% increase in sales/sq ft. Cost of retail inched up by 65bps as D’Mart added 6 stores in 2Q25. General merchandise and apparel continue to improve in 2Q, 1H sales proportion at 23.45% improved by 24bps YoY; however, the loss of sales to value formats like Zudio, and Reliance Trends seems irreversible. Outlook D’Mart has added 2 stores in Oct beginning and has started offering same day delivery in D’Mart Ready, which will further boost sales post 21.5% growth in 1H25. We factor in 45/50 store additions, 18.4% CAGR in sales, with stable margins at ~8.1% to enable 18.5% PAT CAGR over FY24-27. D’Mart LT growth story remains intact with 1500+ store potential in duopoly market and gradual scale up in D’Mart Ready. We would keenly watch out for sales trends in festival season. HOLD with DCF based TP of Rs4748 (Rs5168 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hathway Cable stock jumps 3% after Q2 profit, revenue rise [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hathway Cable &amp;amp; Datacom jumped over 3 percent on October 14 after the cable television distribution company reported strong earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (Q2FY25). Hathway Cable &amp;amp; Datacom is one of the largest multiple-system operator (MSO) and cable broadband service providers in India. It provides cable television services through its wholly-owned subsidiary — Hathway Digital Private. Hathway Cable holds a PAN India ISP license and was the first cable television services provider to offer High-speed cable broadband services. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The company reported a 28.4 percent year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 25.8 crore. Its revenue from operations increased 6 percent YoY to Rs 512.7 crore during the quarter under review. At the operating level, Hathway Cable's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) rose 4.4 percent YoY to Rs 86.3 crore during this period while EBITDA margin stood at 16.8 percent compared to 17.1 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. The company's revenue from the cable television segment stood at Rs 344.01 crore, rising 5.1 percent YoY. Its broadband business revenue, however, fell 3.43 percent YoY to Rs 151.09 crore. Hathway's revenue from dealing in securities came in at Rs 17.14 crore during the period under review. At 11:45 am, Hathway Cable shares were trading 3.3 percent higher at Rs 20.77 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). Despite the gain today, the stocks remains in red on a year-to-date basis, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen just 4 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Sudarshan Chemical Industries; target of Rs 1117: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on Sudarshan Chemical Industries Sudarshan Chemical Industries (SCIL)’s global subsidiary Sudarshan Europe B.V. has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Global Pigment Business Operations of the Heubach Group. The acquisition is valued at approximately ₹11.8 bn and is expected to be completed within next 3-4 months. This deal is seen as a significant move by SCIL to expand its footprint in the global specialty chemicals industry, with Heubach’s operations spanning across 19 sites worldwide. This acquisition will not only bolster SCIL’s product portfolio but also enhance its access to key markets in Europe, the Americas, and the Asia-Pacific region. The acquisition is in line with SCIL’s strategy to explore new geographies be it in Asia, Europe or South America in a bid to increase sale. Sudarshan is a leader in the domestic market, commanding a 35% market share. The Company leverages its expansive product portfolio, combined with the resilience of the Indian economy, to ensure sustained growth in domestic and export markets. This acquisition would increase SCIL’s revenue from ₹2.5 bn to ₹10.6 bn a whopping &amp;gt;4x jump in its revenues (as of current EUR-INR rate). Outlook We further continue to believe in the abovementioned tailwinds and hence we retain our forecasts, with further clarity on the Heubach’s global entity financials we will update the financials and TP for SCIL. Even after a ~15% jump in the stock price it currently trades at 34x its FY26 EPS of ₹35 (as per our estimates for SCIL). We have factored in FY25E/FY26E EBITDA margin of 14.6%/16%. For now we give ‘HOLD’ rating on SCIL and expect Revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 13%/36%/75% respectively mainly owing to continued uptick in domestic as well as export sales led by its Specialty portfolio. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Ajcon Global [/INST] The full article is as follows: Ajcon Global, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motor India Limited (HMI) is a part of the Hyundai Motor Group, the world's third largest auto Original Equipment Manufacturer (&quot;OEM&quot;) in terms of passenger car sales in 2023. Since Fiscal 2009, the company has been the secondlargest car OEM in the Indian passenger vehicle industry (based on domestic sales volumes), according to the CRISIL Report. HMI manufactures and sells fourwheeler passenger vehicles that are reliable, safe, feature-rich, innovative, and equipped with advanced technology. The range consists of 13 models in several passenger vehicle sectors, including sedans, hatchbacks, SUVs, and EVs. The company manufactures items like transmissions and engines for its own production process or sales. HMI was India's second-largest exporter of passenger vehicles from April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2024, according to the CRISIL report. From 1998 to June 30, 2024, the firm sold almost 12 million passenger vehicles in India and exported them. HMI attributes its current market position to a diverse product offering, strong stakeholder relationships and operations, a strong Hyundai brand in India, the use of new technologies to improve efficiency, and the ability to innovate in new businesses like EVs. In CY2023, the company was among the top three contributors to HMC's global sales volumes, with a contribution that climbed from 15.48% in CY2018 to 18.19% in CY2023. Valuation and Outlook The Hyundai Motor India IPO presents an exciting opportunity for investors, especially with the company's expansion plans in the EV market. At the upper price band of Rs. 1960, the issue is priced at a P/E multiple of 26.73 its FY24 post IPO EPS of Rs. 73.33. We give a ‘SUBSCRIBE’ rating to the issue for the following. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: GQG partners, promoter entities buy Adani Group shares worth Rs 19,000 crore in September quarter [/INST] The full article is as follows: Promoter group entities and GQG Partners have significantly increased their stakes in Adani Group companies during the September quarter, with a combined investment exceeding Rs 19,000 crore, according to the latest shareholding data. While promoters pumped in around Rs 12,780 crore in group companies, GQG partners invested around Rs 6,625 crore. Promoter Activity Adani Group promoters raised their stakes in four of their listed entities: Adani Energy Solutions Ltd, Adani Enterprises Ltd, Adani Green Energy Ltd, and Adani Power Ltd, while reducing their stake in Ambuja Cements. The total value of these holdings is approximately Rs 12,778 crore. In Adani Green Energy Ltd, promoter holdings rose by 3.42 percentage points, from 57.52% to 60.94%. Key transactions included Hibiscus Trade and Investment's purchase of 20.1 million shares (1.27% equity stake) between July 30 and September 18, and Ardour Investment Holding's acquisition of 26.7 million shares (1.69% equity stake) between September 19 and 23. Based on an average stock price of Rs 1,903 during the quarter, these acquisitions are estimated at Rs 10,310 crore. Promoter holdings in Adani Power increased by 2.25 percentage points to 74.96%, with an estimated spend of Rs 5,703 crore. They also invested around Rs 427 crore in Adani Energy Solutions and Rs 626 crore in Adani Enterprises Ltd, based on average prices for the quarter. Conversely, promoter stake in Ambuja Cements Ltd dropped by 2.76 percentage points, down to 67.57% from 70.33%, with a sale valued at approximately Rs 4,288 crore. GQG Partners Activity Rajiv Jain-backed GQG Partners increased its investments in four Adani Group firms by putting in Rs 6,625 crore during the September quarter. The companies involved are Adani Enterprises Ltd, Adani Energy Solutions Ltd, Adani Green Energy Ltd, and Ambuja Cement Ltd. However, GQG marginally reduced its stake in Adani Ports &amp;amp; SEZ Ltd and Adani Power Ltd by Rs 22 crore and Rs 35 crore, respectively. GQG Partners made notable investments in Adani Green Energy, participating in its QIP to the tune of Rs 3,390 crore. For two other Adani group companies, Adani Energy Solutions and Ambuja Cement Ltd it made purchases worth Rs 1,784 crore and Rs 1,077 crore, respectively. The firm also invested Rs 432 crore in Adani Enterprises Ltd. Following these transactions, GQG now holds a 4.7% stake in Adani Energy Solutions, up from 3.4% in the previous quarter, and 5.28% in Adani Green Energy, up from 4.16%. Its stake in Ambuja Cement increased to 2.05% from 1.35%, while its holdings in Adani Enterprises rose slightly to 3.52% from 3.4% a quarter earlier.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Wipro stock rises 3% as board to mull bonus issue on October 17 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Wipro rose as much as 3 percent on October 14 as investors lapped up the stock ahead of a meeting on October 17 wherein the company's board is slated to consider the issuance of bonus shares. A bonus issue is a corporate action where a company issues additional shares to its existing shareholders at zero extra cost. This is typically done in proportion to their existing holdings, meaning shareholders receive a specified number of new shares for each share they already own. If approved, this will mark Wipro's fourth bonus issue ever, after similar corporate actions were taken in 2019,2017 and 2010. The last bonus issue happened in March 2019 when the company issued three shares to stakeholders for every one share held. This time around, focus will also be on the bonus issue ratio approved by the board. Meanwhile, the information technology major is also due to release its Q2 earnings on the same day. Analysts are anticipating to see signs of recovery for IT majors from Q2 amid easing interest rates and a likely improvement in discretionary demand. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action However, in Wipro's case, analysts at Nuvama Institutional Equities expect a decline in margins due to a one-month impact of wage hikes. All attention will be on the company’s growth guidance for FY25 to gauge whether recovery can be expected soon or not. Nuvama anticipates Wipro to give a sequential growth guidance of -1 percent to 1 percent constant currency for Q3FY25. The brokerage will also look for updates on Wipro's consultancy business and deal execution. At 10.53 am, shares of Wipro were trading at Rs 538.70 on the NSE. Anticipation of the quarterly earnings and bonus share issuance also triggered a spike in trading volumes in the counter as 63 lakh shares changed hands so far, higher than the one-week daily traded average of 59 lakh shares.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motors India Ltd., established in 1996, is a key player in the Indian automotive industry and a proud member of the Hyundai Motor Group, the third-largest automotive OEM worldwide. With a diverse portfolio of 13 passenger vehicle models across various segments, including sedans, hatchbacks, SUVs, and electric vehicles, HMIL is committed to delivering high-quality automotive solutions. The company has been India’s largest exporter of passenger vehicles since 2005, showcasing its strong international presence. With a focus on innovation and sustainability, HMIL continues to enhance its manufacturing capabilities and expand its market reach, contributing significantly to the growth of the Indian automobile sector. Valuation and Outlook The company is reasonably valued at a PE multiple of 26x based on its FY24 adjusted EPS and high revenue growth. We recommend a &quot;SUBSCRIBE&quot; rating for Hyundai Motors, reflecting its strong business model and strategic initiatives designed to support sustained long-term growth. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Bharti Airtel; target of Rs 1782 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bharti Airtel Bharti Airtel reported an EBITDA of Rs218bn (+10.9%QoQ; PLe: Rs217.1bn, BBGe: Rs217.6bn). Adj PAT came in at Rs44.5bn (up 29.8% QoQ; PLe: Rs38.8bn, BBGe: Rs43.9bn). India mobile revenues were up 10.3%QoQ with a stable EBITDA margin of 57.1%. ARPU improved QoQ to Rs233 with a net subscriber loss of 2.9mn in Q2. Enterprise revenue grew 3.3%QoQ, with 1.8% growth in EBITDA. Home services (fixed line + broadband) had an ARPU decline of ~1%. Similarly, DTH ARPU too fell 0.8% QoQ. Africa mobile Revenue grew 5.5% QoQ. Outlook We remain optimistic on the India business and continue to maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with a TP of Rs1,782 based on 15x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA for India mobile business, Enterprise segment at 7x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA, 3x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA for DTH, 3x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA for Home Services, and adding the value of its investments in Airtel Africa, Indus Towers and Bharti Hexacom. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Cipla; target of Rs 1615 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Cipla CIPLA’s Q2FY25 EBITDA (Rs19bn; 26.7% OPM) was broadly in line with our estimates. Overall India and US sales growth were muted in Q2 due to seasonality and supply issues in Lanreotide respectively. While India should recover from Q3, US sales will see dip in Q3 with likely recovery from Q4. Despite delay in some key launches like gAdvair and gAbraxane, ramp-up in gRevlimid, market share increase in gAlbuterol and new launches like Lanreotide supported US sales. We continue to remain positive on key segments growth including India &amp;amp; US given 1) strong traction in respiratory &amp;amp; other portfolios, 2) potential 9-10% growth in domestic formulations and 3) sustainability of current US revs. Our FY26E/27E EPS stands reduced by 3-4%. Outlook At CMP, stock is trading 23x FY26E EPS. We maintain our ‘Accumulate’ with revised TP of Rs1,615/share. Timely critical launches of 3-4 products in US in FY26/27 will be key, as it will help to compensate decline in key products like gRevlimid and Lanreotide. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Marico; target of Rs 693 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Marico MRCO reported inline nos led by stable volume growth, positive pricing growth &amp;amp; favorable portfolio mix. We have cut our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 2.4%/2.2%/2.8% given 1) Peaked out margin with no major expansion expected in near term and 2) Persistent sluggishness in Saffola/VAHO (32% of domestic sales) before recent price hikes. Innovation funnel remains strong with portfolio diversification and scale up in Foods, D2C portfolio &amp;amp; B2C acquisitions. Beardo is likely to end FY25 with double-digit EBITDA margins, MRCO plans to adopt the same strategy for scaling Digital-first franchises and targets double-digit margins by FY27. We factor in 11.2% sales growth &amp;amp; 9.8% PAT CAGR over FY25-27. Outlook We value MRCO at 46x FY27 EPS and assign a target price of Rs693 (Rs681 earlier). MRCO seems better placed than peers in current environment, Upgrade to Accumulate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulat Greenpanel Industries; target of Rs 450 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Greenpanel Industries We downward revise our FY25 earnings estimates by 6.9% to account for weak performance in Q2FY25 and rising domestic competition, impacting MDF realization. GREENP has guided for domestic MDF volume growth of 15-18% (YoY) in H2FY25. However, we have considered MDF volume growth at 16% for H2FY25. MDF domestic realization decreased 4.4% YoY in Q2FY25 due to competitive pricing. MDF exports were also impacted by lower availability of containers and increased freight cost. We believe consolidated low EBITDA margin will continue in FY25 at 13.0% with 1) steep increase in timber prices, 2) higher OEM vol in the MDF segment, 3) lower domestic volumes, and 4) lower realization with competition in MDF. Timber prices will continue to impact margins in coming quarters. The management has indicated moderation in timber prices only with new crop arrival from FY26. Outlook We estimate revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 15.9%/21.3%/23.8% over FY24-27E with MDF volume CAGR of 15.2%. We maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with a TP to Rs450, based on 20x FY27E earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Picks 2024 | Angel One, Fiem Industries, Arvind Fashions among YES Securities' top bets [/INST] The full article is as follows: Fiem Industries: YES Securities believes Fiem is set to capitalize on strong industry tailwinds, with India’s two-wheeler market projected to grow at a CAGR of 8-9 percent over the next five years, driven by rising urbanization and increasing disposable incomes. On that account, the firm assigned the stock a price target of Rs 1,980. &quot;Fiem’s long-standing relationships with major clients, including TVS Motors, Yamaha, and Suzuki, alongside newer partnerships with leading EV players like Ola Electric and Hero Electric, underline its industry strength,&quot; YES Securities said. Angel One: The stock emerged in the list of top bets chosen by YES Securities on the back of strong industry tailwinds. Recent trends indicate a shift with young investors increasingly willing to take on some risk by investing in the stock market and diversifying their portfolios beyond traditional assets. On this backdrop, a record 36.9 million demat accounts were opened in FY24 &amp;amp; this number for 1HFY25 already stands at 24.1 million indicating the upsurge for full year. Despite facing a near-term challenging market environment marked by regulatory changes such as SEBI’s “True to Label” norms, Angel One’s management remains optimistic about sustaining growth. The company plans to implement several measures, including levying a brokerage fee of Rs 20 per order or 0.1 percent of the order value (with a minimum brokerage of Rs 2 for delivery trades. Additionally, it will charge an interest rate of 12.5 percent per annum on cash-collateral margin shortfalls exceeding Rs 50,000. Factoring these in, YES Securities assigned a price target of Rs 3,755 for the stock. Karur Vyas Bank: YES Securities likes that the lender is strategically focused on de-risking and high-quality lending, away from corporate and consortium lending, which has astutely minimized exposure to high-stress sectors, aligning with its traditional emphasis on retail &amp;amp; MSME. Given its growing loan book, improved growth trajectory, and a more resilient balance sheet, YES Securities sees Karur Vyas Bank as a compelling investment proposition, all set to achieve sustained profitability and market share gains across India’s evolving banking landscape. Accordingly, the firm gave a target price of Rs 270 for this stock. Arvind Fashions: India's apparel and accessories market was valued at approximately Rs 5,512 billion in FY’23 and is expected to increase its retail share from 7.2 percent to 9.4 percent by 2027. The sector is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20.8 percent, positioning it as the fastest-growing segment in retail. In this backdrop, Arvind Fashions has streamlined its portfolio to concentrate on five key brands: Arrow, U.S. Polo Assn., Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, and Flying Machine, following the divestment of Sephora. &quot;With rising disposable incomes in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, the company is poised to capitalize on the growing demand for premium products. The company is focusing on premiumization through its established brands while revitalizing others, such as Arrow and Flying Machine, with refreshed product portfolios. This strategy aims to enhance brand visibility, align with consumer preferences for quality and modernity, and strengthen AFL's competitive edge in the expanding premium market,&quot; YES Securities said. It assigned a price target of Rs 705 for the stock.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce NOCIL; target of Rs 256 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on NOCIL NOCIL reported a topline of Rs3.6bn (PLe: Rs3.9bn), reflecting a sequential decline of 2.5%. This decrease is attributed to a modest drop in volumes due to logistics challenges, though realization remained largely flat on a QoQ basis. Based on our calculations, average realization stood at Rs254/kg, a YoY decline of 6%. Sales volume grew by 11% YoY; however, EBITDA/kg dropped by 25% YoY, impacted by higher operating expenses due to increase in production activity and freight cost. Overall capacity utilization was at 70%, though usage varies significantly across product lines. To support high-demand rubber chemical products that are already running at high utilization rates, the company is investing Rs2.5bn in capacity expansion. These additional capacities are expected to come online in H2FY27, though peak utilization across the portfolio is not anticipated for another 1.5 to 2 years. Near-term headwinds are likely to continue impacting performance. Outlook The stock is currently trading at ~32x FY26E EPS. We maintain ‘Reduce’ rating with a TP of Rs256, valuing the company at 27x FY26/FY27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Gujarat Fluorochemicals; target of Rs 3770 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Gujarat Fluorochemicals Gujarat Fluorochemicals (FLUOROCH) reported consolidated revenue from operations of Rs11.8bn, reflecting 25.5% YoY and 1% QoQ increase. In the Fluoropolymers segment, volumes remained flat sequentially, realization improved due to a shift toward higher value grades. This segment's contribution is expected to grow as one of the industry’s established players is set to cease production by Dec’24. Refrigerants prices saw a slight uptick during the quarter, while specialty chemicals remained muted, with an expected improvement from Q4FY25. The bulk chemicals segment operated at full capacity, but recorded 6% sequential and annual decline, attributed to a drop in caustic soda prices, which have started to recover. Battery chemicals segment is expected to contribute to revenue from Q4FY25, with product validation currently in advanced stages. High-grade fluoropolymers and battery chemicals will drive growth going ahead, but currently the stock looks richly valued and is trading at 78x FY26 EPS. Outlook We maintain “REDUCE” rating on the stock, with target price of Rs3,770, valuing it at 65x FY26/FY27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Mid-day Mood | Nifty, Sensex firmly in red as pharma, bank stocks fall; VIX up 5% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Benchmark indices Nifty and Sensex continued to trade lower during the mid-day on October 30 as investors took profits off the table following a two-day rally on the bourses. Bank and Pharma stocks among others dampened the sentiment ahead of Diwali. At noon, the Sensex was down 133.56 points or 0.17 percent at 80,235.47, and the Nifty was down 28.00 points or 0.11 percent at 24,438.80. About 2,632 shares advanced, 666 shares declined, and 93 shares unchanged. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates As for the broader market, comprising mid and small caps, showcased a mixed performance. While the midcap index fell 0.2 percent, the smallcap index rallied almost one percent. The two have fallen up to 6 percent in the past month as a host of experts cautioned against expensive valuations. India VIX, a barometer to assess market anxiety, notched up by 3 percent to hover around the 15 levels. Gautam Adani's flagship firm Adani Enterprises was buzzing in trade, rising almost 5 percent to become the top gainer on the Nifty after the company's solid Q2 earnings. Its net profit ballooned nearly eightfold on-year to Rs 1,742 crore. The diversified conglomerate's second quarter revenue from operations rose 16 percent to Rs 22,608 crore. The jump in net profit came as the revenue growth outpaced expenditure. Also read: Baap of all multibaggers? Rs 1 lakh investment in this stock would have yielded Rs 670 crore in few months Sectoral Trend Nifty Bank, following a superb 2 percent rise in the previous session, witnessing profit booking and was trading almost a percent lower. Stocks like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, and SBI were dragging the index lower. Nifty Pharma and Healthcare led by Dr Reddy's, Cipla and Sun Pharma were the biggest contributors. Fundamental View &quot;In the near term the market will be influenced by two factors - one positive and the other negative. The positive is the sharp decline in FII selling to just Rs 548 crores yesterday. This is an indication that the FII tactical trade of ‘Sell India, Buy China’ is coming to an end. With more DII and retail money coming to the market and FII selling tapering off, the market may get a near-term boost, aided by the festive mood,&quot; says V K Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. &quot;But the uptrend is unlikely to sustain since the Q2 earnings numbers indicate softness in earnings for FY25. The consensus earnings estimates are likely to be revised down by most brokerages. With Nifty now trading at about 24 times FY25 estimated earnings, there is no valuation comfort in the market. This negative factor will cap the rally driven by domestic money,&quot; he added. Read more: What are the top stock picks for Samvat 2081? Technical View &quot;Expect volatility again on attempts to breach the 24450-540 region. The turn lower thereof may not be as deep as yesterday with 24300-150 region expected to hold. Meanwhile, a direct rise above 24540 could see some attempts to make quick upsides, but a vertical rise is less expected. The favoured view expects bears to regroup again at 24660 as well as 24770, but not necessarily leading to a collapse, but keeping both bulls and bears interested for a while,&quot; Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. Key Nifty Gainers Adani Enterprises, Bharat Electronics, Tata Consumer Products Key Nifty Losers Cipla, SBI, ICICI Bank Key Sensex Gainers Maruti Suzuki, Wipro, and IndusInd Bank Key Sensex Losers ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, and Sun Pharma Stock Moves Garden Reach Shipbuilders: Shares rose after the company secured an order worth Rs 491 crore to design an Acoustic Research Ship for the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). Honeywell Automation: The stock price dropped as much as 8 percent on October 30 after the company reported a decline in its Q2 net profit amid sluggish demand. The engineering firm reported a 5.6 percent decline in its September quarter net profit to Rs 115 crore ($13.7 million), down from Rs 122 crore in the same period last year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Kalpataru Projects International; target of Rs 1368 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Kalpataru Projects International We revise our FY25/FY26E EPS estimate by -12.3%/-15.9%, due to delayed collection in the Water business impacting revenue. Kalpataru Projects International (KPIL) reported healthy quarterly performance with standalone revenue growth of 7.6% YoY and EBITDA margin improvement of 39bps YoY to 8.4%. Strong execution of a robust order book across various segments contributed to revenue growth, although delayed collections negatively impacted the Water business. Net working capital (NWC) days increased to 118 vs 104 days in Q2FY24; however, moderating working capital intensity will help reduce NWC days. Demand outlook remains robust in T&amp;amp;D, B&amp;amp;F and Water sectors, while execution ramp-up will aid growth in the O&amp;amp;G segment. The company will remain selective in order booking in Railways. The management continues to guide for a PBT margin of 4%-4.5%, while aiming to reduce NWC days to below 100. We remain positive on KPIL in the long run owing to 1) strong order pipeline across segments, 2) focus on geographical expansion for segments such as Water, Railways, Civil etc. 3) increasing pre-qualification for large contracts and 4) operational &amp;amp; cost synergies arising from merger with JMC. Outlook The stock is trading at a P/E of 30.7x/19.8x on FY25/26E core-EPS. We roll forward to SepFY26E and maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with a revised SoTP-based TP of Rs1,368 (Rs1,413 earlier) valuing the core business at a PE of 18x on Sep-FY26E (18x on FY26E earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Prashant Jain uses cricket analogy to explain current market situation, says singles are preferred over boundaries [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prashant Jain, founder and chief investment officer (CIO) of 3P Investment Managers, used a cricket analogy to explain the current market situation: &quot;We are now batting on a pitch where the ball is turning and the bowler is maintaining a good line and length. In such conditions, defensive play and scoring singles and doubles is preferred over boundaries.&quot; Here’s his advice for navigating these conditions: Focus on Quality: Stick with strong, sustainable businesses and avoid weaker ones with temporary growth or shaky fundamentals. Prioritise Valuations: Be mindful of the price you pay. When companies miss growth expectations, even slightly, the market can react sharply. Manage Expectations: Adjust your return expectations to be more realistic in this market, where the scope for high returns is limited. In short, Jain says, &quot;Reset your return expectations and focus on quality and valuations. This is not the market to chase high returns.” He also notes, “If you overpay for a stock and growth slows, markets can heavily penalise these companies. We’re seeing this with consumer companies, which are high-quality, yet are being penalised due to slightly weaker growth.” In his recent newsletter, Prashant Jain noted that his fund's strong absolute performance was driven by robust market returns, while its relative outperformance came from exploiting undervalued areas in the market. However, he now cautions that market returns are likely to moderate, as there is a dearth of undervalued opportunities. Additionally, the recent rally in Chinese markets may prompt FIIs to shift some flows away from India, warranting a more cautious approach.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Garden Reach Shipbuilders sees 4% rise in shares after securing Rs 491 crore order [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers rose over 4 percent after the company secured an order worth Rs 491 crore to design an Acoustic Research Ship for the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). At 11:20 AM, Garden Reach shares traded 3 percent higher at Rs 1,596, marking an impressive 83 percent gain year-to-date, significantly outperforming the Nifty 50, which increased by 13 percent during the same period. This rise on October 30 marked the third consecutive session of gains for the company, though it has experienced negative monthly returns from August to October. On October 29, Graden Reach announced that it received a Letter of Intent from the Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory (NPOL), part of the Ministry of Defence in Kochi. This contract involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, commissioning, and supply of one Acoustic Research Ship (ARS). Follow our live blog for all the market action The project is expected to be completed within 36 months from the signing of the contract and does not involve any related party transactions. Garden Reach specialises in building warships for the Indian Navy and Coast Guard, producing a variety of vessels including frigates, corvettes, landing ship tanks, patrol vessels, and fleet tankers. The company also provides ship repair services for both defence and commercial sectors. Incorporated in 1934, Garden Reach became a public company in 2017 and operates under the administrative control of the Ministry of Defence.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Honeywell Automation shares tank 8% after fall in Q2 net profit [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Honeywell Automation dropped as much as 8 percent on October 30 after the company reported a decline in its Q2 net profit amid sluggish demand. At 11.19 am, shares of Honeywell Automation were trading at Rs 45,199.90 on the NSE. The weak earnings report also triggered a surge in trading volumes in the counter as around 28,000 shares changed hands so far, much higher than the one-month daily traded average of 4,000 shares. Including today's slump, the stock has deepened its losses to over 16 percent in the past three months. The engineering firm reported a 5.6 percent decline in its September quarter net profit to Rs 115 crore ($13.7 million), down from Rs 122 crore in the same period last year, primarily impacted by slowing demand. Honeywell Automation India specialises in providing building automation solutions to industrial clients, along with designing products aimed at emissions reduction and energy transition. A recent business survey indicated a slowing growth trend in India's manufacturing sector during August and September. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Analysts have noted that Indian exporters are facing increased shipping costs due to the ongoing Red Sea crisis. Accordingly, the company's revenue from operations also fell by 7.3 percent to Rs 1,024 crore. Although Honeywell Automation does not disclose detailed revenue distribution, the cost of materials consumed, which constitutes nearly half of its expenses, grew by 12.11 percent in the quarter. Despite that, the company managed to retain its EBITDA margin, which came at 12.6 percent in Q2, a slight uptick from 12.5 percent in the year ago quarter. Honeywell Automation India's parent company- Honeywell, also projected annual sales below Wall Street expectations and missed quarterly revenue estimates last week.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Maruti Suzuki; target of Rs 14,586 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Maruti Suzuki MSIL’s Q2FY25 standalone revenue increased by a mere 0.4% YoY, mainly driven by ASP expansion of 2.6% YoY as volume declined by 1.9% for the quarter. Prices of key commodities increased by and promotional expenses increased, leading to a contraction in its gross margin by 130bps YoY. As a consequence, the EBITDA margin contracted by 100bps YoY to 11.9%. Withdrawal of indexation benefits on long term gains saw a rise in taxes impacting profitability with PAT declining by 17.4% YoY. The sluggishness in the small car segment and slowdown in the industry shall impact wholesale growth for FY25, however, could be partially offset by healthy growth in UVs and export market. Given the grim outlook for FY25, we cut our volume/revenue/EPS estimates by ~-2-8% over FY24-FY27E. We continue to maintain our positive view on a long-term basis due to its 1) Diverse range of product offerings, 2) Revival in rural demand, 3) Beneficiary of state policies towards hybrids and other flex fuel powertrains. 4) Healthy traction in export markets and 5) Introduction of EVs and new launches. Outlook Factoring this, we retain our “BUY” rating with a TP of Rs 14,586 (previous Rs 15,045) valuing it at 25x on its Sept’27 earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks 2024: Zomato, REC, Coal India among top bets for Samvat 2081 [/INST] The full article is as follows: As Samvat 2081 dawns, the stock market’s fire continues to burn bright, but it's time to switch gears. India’s growth story is propelling the country toward becoming the world’s third-largest economy, with Nifty 50 companies poised to deliver an impressive 11.8 percent earnings CAGR over FY24-FY26, according to SBI Securities. The Nifty and Sensex smashed records in Samvat 2080, delivering gains of 27 percent and 25 percent respectively but that’s not all. The broader market saw explosive rallies, with mid-caps and small-caps leading the charge, delivering a staggering 47 percent return. But the big question on everyone’s mind is, what’s next? Ask the experts, and pat comes the reply: the best days for small and midcaps might be behind us as large caps are now primed to take the spotlight with a much better risk-reward ratio. In fact, analysts are sounding the alarm -- it’s time to rebalance your portfolio. Large caps are ready to shine, and the time is now to trim your SMID exposure. So, are you ready to seize the opportunity? As volatility increases in the market and the benchmarks – and the broader markets – witness wild swings with a downward bias, analysts believe that investors should look at it as a golden window to build a rock-solid portfolio and ride the next wave of India’s economic boom straight to wealth creation in Samvat 2081. Also Read | Diwali Stock Picks for Samvat 2081: Nirmal Bang bets on Archean Chemical, LTTS, Jyoti Resins, others Here are some of the top stock picks for Samvat 2081 1. Zomato The company has delivered stellar quarterly numbers yet again. Zomato has consistently gained market share over Swiggy from FY22 to 1QFY25, driven by its stronger execution. Based on the reported gross order value (GOV), Zomato’s market share increased from 54% in FY22 to 58% in 1QFY25. The company is focusing on aggressively expanding Blinkit by entering new cities and deepening its presence in existing markets. This includes broadening product categories like beauty, electronics, and toys, and opening larger dark stores. With rising competition in the quick-commerce space, Zomato aims to shore up its defenses through a strategic capital raise, with an upper cap of $1 billion. This capital raise will ensure Zomato maintains financial flexibility, allowing it to continue scaling Blinkit while countering competitive pressures effectively. The company’s cash burn scenario is also now vastly different from what was witnessed when food delivery was scaling up. Contrary to countless questions on whether food delivery would ever be profitable, the viability of the “dark store model” is now beyond doubt: mature dark stores are already margin positive. New dark stores are reaching breakeven in GOV terms much faster. Hence, investors will be far more lenient this time, and revenue growth could keep ringing in, as companies unlock new cities, markets, and categories. Another lever Zomato has is its Rs 2,000 crore acquisition of Paytm’s entertainment business, which analysts reckon may have a good pay-off. Valued at 6.9x FY24 revenue, this all-cash transaction allows Zomato to expand into a lucrative new segment. Its ability to leverage this acquisition, coupled with its strong competitive position in the food delivery business and the growing moat around the quick commerce business, positions it well for sustainable growth, according to analysts. Valuations may look a tad expensive – 54 times, revenue. Brokerages like CLSA, Nuvama, MOFSL and several others remain bullish on the stock, pegging the target price as high as Rs 370. 2. HUDCO The government’s push towards affordable housing and infrastructure projects is one of the biggest drivers behind HUDCO’s success. As the government continues to ramp up spending in these areas, HUDCO is set to benefit the most since it provides financing to these focused sectors. What's more, HUDCO's recent reclassification as an NBFC-Infrastructure Finance Company allows it to finance a broader range of projects beyond housing, including renewable energy and smart cities, opening up new growth avenues. Company-Specific Growth: In FY24, HUDCO reported a total income of Rs 7,948 crore, up 12% from the previous year. Net profit for the same period surged by 24% to Rs 2,117 crore. HUDCO’s loan book is growing at an exceptional rate, driven by the government’s infrastructure push. From FY21 to FY24, disbursements doubled from Rs 8,323 crore to Rs 17,987 crore. Asset quality is fairly positioned with net NPAs pegged at 0.36% for FY24. With a healthy provision coverage ratio of 86%, the company has strong buffers in place to handle any potential risks. Additionally, in a market starved of value, the stock offers a dividend yield of 2% upwards. Having corrected 43% from recent highs, the stock is currently trading at attractive valuations considering its potential for income as well as loan growth. Based on FY25 estimates, the stock trades at 2.6 times the adjusted book for FY25 and 2.2 times FY26. This compares favourably to the average sector multiple of 2.8 times. 3. Coal India From being seen as a “dirty” company because of the anti-ESG trade, the world has come to realise there is no way for India to meet its growth aspirations without coal. Markets are reflecting this reality. After 7 years of underperformance compared to benchmark Nifty till 2021-end, it is being seen as a good bet considering its fairly high dividend yield at a time markets are at the higher end of historic valuation. The mining company is on track for record-breaking growth, with a production target of 838 MNT for FY25 and an ambitious 1 billion tonnes by FY26. Analysts say that since 81% of Coal India’s coal goes to the power sector, the company will benefit from consistent demand in important industries like power and steel. Its &quot;First Mile Connectivity&quot; projects, which focus on improving coal transport through automation, are expected to greatly increase transportation capacity by FY29, with an investment of Rs 24,750 crore. Cost-cutting initiatives, including the closure of unviable underground mines, will further drive productivity and efficiency. CIL’s recent foray into graphite mining taps into the rising demand for materials vital to EVs and energy storage, positioning the company for long-term growth in this high-demand market. With a 5.2 percent dividend yield and 8.5 times earnings for FY25 and 7.7 times FY26, CIL offers a solid investment with strong growth potential and income stability, according to SBI Securities. Also Read | Diwali Picks | TCS, Bajaj Auto, ACC, Granules India among Choice Broking's favourite bets 4. REC Despite the stupendous run since 2020, this PSU is seen to be well on the growth track thanks to its focus on the growing power and infrastructure segment. With plans to add 360GW of capacity by FY30 and a growing focus on green financing, REC’s AUM is projected to rise to Rs 6 lakh crore by FY25 and Rs 10 lakh crore by FY29, with renewable projects making up 30% of its portfolio, according to Nirmal Bang. Currently, its AUM stands at Rs 5.46 lakh crore. Over the past four years, it has seen a dramatic surge in profits from Rs 4,886 crore in FY20 to Rs 47,214 crore, primarily driven by core income growth and provision write-backs. Provision reversals will continue to add to this kitty this year too. REC plans to be a zero non-performing asset company by FY25 end. Currently, the company has made 100% provisioning for seven projects. The total value of the projects to be resolved is Rs 13,800 crore. The company expects to have write-backs worth Rs 1,500–2,000 crore in FY25. Even as the stock has seen a significant re-rating over the past four years, institutional interest in the stock is still growing with several big brokerages initiating coverage on the stock while factoring in the long runway for growth. Bernstein initiated coverage on the stock as late as July, saying that investors are &quot;underestimating the duration and intensity of the (capex) cycle.&quot; The brokerage believes that the capex cycle this time around could be double that of the previous cycle. As for power, it said, over the past six years, 100 GW of generation capacity has been added, and Bernstein expects an addition of over 300 GW in the next six years. More significantly, the brokerage pointed out that the risk of non-performing assets is significantly lower in the current cycle, with approximately 70% of PFC and REC lending directed to government entities and 30% to private renewables. While the risk of delayed payments from state-owned enterprises has reduced significantly, Bernstein pointed out that private lending, which historically carried a higher risk of default, now is less risky as renewable loans have a shorter execution cycle of one to two years, compared to five years for thermal projects. REC's book value per share has nearly doubled from Rs 133 in FY20 to Rs 261 in FY24. MOFSL projects a loan book CAGR of 18 percent and a profit CAGR of 15 percent over FY24-FY27. This is for an RoA and RoE of 2.6 percent and 21 percent, respectively and a dividend yield of 4.7 percent in FY27. UBS has a price target of Rs 630, implying a 1.6x Sep’26E P/ABV. 5. Muthoot Finance The company is well-positioned for growth as gold prices reach record highs, driven by increased central bank purchases and hedging amidst geopolitical uncertainties, the US presidential election, and Japan's rate decisions. This bullish trend enhances the value of gold collateral, reducing default risk for gold financiers. Jefferies projects accelerated loan growth and improved profitability for Muthoot Finance, anticipating a significant increase in gold prices, which have surged 17% since June to $2,739/oz. Muthoot stands to benefit from potential interest rate cuts, as 31-46% of its liabilities mature within six months, easing net interest margin (NIM) pressure. Despite near-term headwinds from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) directives, the secured nature of gold lending limits loan losses, with gross non-performing asset (GNPA) levels remaining manageable. The positive outlook for gold prices and anticipated rate cuts suggests robust earnings growth and return on equity (RoE). Muthoot’s loan assets under management (AUM) are projected to grow at a CAGR of 16% over FY24-26E, driven by rising gold prices, reduced competition, and a decline in unsecured lending. Yields are expected to stabilize around 18%, with the company forecasting a 19% CAGR in profits due to higher AUM and improved operational leverage. To enhance customer acquisition, Muthoot plans to open 150-200 new branches annually. Its conservative auction policy allows for higher provisions, maintaining low asset quality risk with LTV ratios around 63%. Given gold's stability as a secure asset class and expected RoE improvements by FY26, Muthoot Finance merits a premium valuation, as the gold collateral significantly exceeds the loan amounts, according to analysts.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Indian markets about 10% overvalued, limited upside for further re-rating: Prashant Jain of 3P Investment Managers [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian markets are may be around 10 percent overvalued with limited room for multiples to re-rate further, said Prashant Jain, founder and chief investment officer at 3P Investment Managers in a conversation with Moneycontrol. &quot;Over the time, market returns should be equal to earnings growth rate of 12-13 percent CAGR as India is currently a lower inflation country and there is little scope for margins to improve in any sector,&quot; Jain said. Jain also said that Indian valuations are roughly 15-25 percent above their 10-15 year averages. But, India deserves a premium due to its growth potential and significantly lower cost of capital, he added. Another reason is that India's volatility has also come down due to strong domestic inflows, which supports the country's higher valuation multiples. From a near-term perspective, growth in largecaps could be around 12 percent CAGR but it will be quite low in small- and mid-caps as they are relatively weaker companies when compared to the larger counterparts in the same sectors, he said. On Nifty outlook Downside in Nifty appears limited as it has not outperformed the economic growth. And key sectors within the Nifty, like banks, are still attractively valued and have already adjusted to current growth expectations. Nifty components, including large banks, software, consumer goods, pharma, and auto companies, have seen minimal equity dilution, unlike sectors outside the Nifty, said Jain. So, the limited supply in Nifty stocks, paired with strong domestic mutual fund inflows, could support the Nifty’s valuation levels and help returns catch up with the broader market.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Force Motors hits 20% upper circuit on healthy Q2FY25 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Force Motors soared 20 percent to hit the upper circuit at Rs 7,654 on October 30 after the company posted strong Q2 FY25 results. In Q2, the company's consolidated net profit jumped 43 percent YoY to Rs 134 crore, compared to Rs 92.4 crore a year ago. Revenue grew 7.8 percent YoY to Rs 1,941.3 crore, while total income increased 7.6 percent YoY to Rs 1,949.9 crore. Although sales of the company’s own vehicles declined 19 percent, robust demand for luxury engines provided a significant boost. Catch LIVE blog for all the market action At the operational level, the company's Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) for the quarter rose 25 percent to Rs 282 crore, compared to Rs 225 crore in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA margin expanded year-on-year to 14.5 percent from 12.5 percent last year. Force Motors, which manufactures engines for BMW and Mercedes-Benz, has established itself as a key player in the luxury automotive space. Founded in 1958, the company specialises in utility and commercial vehicles, including vans, school buses, and ambulances. Over the years, Force Motors has collaborated with automotive giants like Daimler, Rolls-Royce, Bosch, and MAN, leveraging global expertise to create advanced mobility solutions. So far in 2024, the stock has surged 102 percent, fueled by the company’s strong growth in engine manufacturing and commercial vehicle segments.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 323: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Bharat Electronics Bharat Electronics Ltd. (BEL) is a Navaratna enterprise with a 37% market share in Indian defence electronics. BEL’s core capabilities are in radar &amp;amp; weapons systems, defence communication, &amp;amp; electronic warfare. In Q2FY25, revenue was up by 15% YoY, which was largely in line with our estimates due to better execution. While net profit surged by 34.3% YoY. EBITDA grew by 38% YoY, and margin was up by 510bps YoY to 30.3%, led by a better product mix and lower cost. The current order backlog is at Rs.74,595cr (3.2x FY25E sales), providing strong visibility for the next 3–4 years. The Q2 order inflow was at ~Rs.2,473cr, while the total order inflow guidance for FY25E &amp;amp; FY26E is maintained at ~Rs.50,000cr. If QRSAM fruitions, additional Rs.25-30,000cr orders will be added to order inflow over FY25E-26E. Margin profile in the range of ~24-25%, while profitability is anticipated to grow by 18.2% CAGR over FY24-26E. Outlook We reiterate our positive outlook on BEL given the government's thrust in domestic manufacturing, increasing electronics share in defence, its market leadership position, a strong order backlog, and healthy margin profile. Given upgrade in our estimates and sharp correction in stocks prices, we value BEL at P/E to 42x on FY26E EPS and maintain upgrade to BUY from Hold rating with a target price of Rs.323. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Supriya Lifescience; target of Rs 644: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Supriya Lifescience Supriya Lifescience revenue slightly missed (-1.2%) our estimate. However, EBITDA and PAT beat our estimates significantly due to lowerthan-expected operating expenses, better product mix and better geographical mix. We increase the PE multiple to 29.0x (previously: 25.5x) as we believe growth will be driven by expansion into regulated markets, a focus on high-margin niche markets, increase in the production capacity and diversification into CDMO (contract development and manufacturing organization) business. Outlook We maintain FY26E EPS estimates of INR 22.2, showing our confidence in the backward integration strategy which provides better cost control, and is consistent in strong operational performance. Therefore, we arrive at a target price of INR 644/share (previously: INR 578/share) and maintain “BUY” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RITES stock jumps 3% on MoU with SAIL-Bokaro Steel Plant for railway infrastructure [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of RITES gained more than 3 percent on October 30 as the infrastructure consultancy firm signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with SAIL-Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL-BSL), under the Ministry of Steel. This involves collaboration for Project Management Consultancy for rail connectivity works involving both existing and new railway tracks across various sites within the Bokaro Steel Plant in Jharkhand. Under the MoU, RITES will provide comprehensive services, including surveying, engineering, project monitoring, supervision and quality control. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action RITES also recently secured a major contract worth Rs 59.13 crore from UP State Bridge Corporation Limited for supervision of various infrastructure projects across Uttar Pradesh as announced on Tuesday. The company received the Letter of Acceptance (LoA) for providing consultancy services for construction supervision of bridges, rail over/under bridges, flyovers, and elevated roads, including approaches in several districts of Uttar Pradesh. The contract will focus on supervision, monitoring, quality control, and work zone safety aspects of these civil works. The project has a 36-month execution timeline and excludes GST from the contract value. RITES had earlier emerged as the lowest bidder (L-1) for this tender on September 5, 2024. This domestic contract involves no related party transactions, and the company confirmed that its promoter group has no interest in UP State Bridge Corporation Limited, the awarding entity. At 10:38 am, RITES shares were trading over 3 percent higher at Rs 303.95 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 21 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 31 percent compared to Nifty's rise of 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1500: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on ICICI Bank ICICI Bank delivered a healthy quarter with stable asset quality. Net interest income (NII) grew 9.5% YoY (-11.3% QoQ) to INR 200,480 Mn in Q2FY25. NII was 1.6% higher than our estimates. The net interest margin was 4.27% in Q2FY25 compared to 4.53% in Q2FY24 (vs. 4.36% in Q1FY25). Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) for Q2FY25 grew 17.5% YoY (+4.4% QoQ) to INR 167,232 Mn. The profit after tax surged 14.5% YoY (+6.2% QoQ) to INR 117,459 Mn in Q2FY25. With consistent growth in its loan and deposit portfolios, especially in high-margin retail and SME segments, ICICIBC has solidified its position in the competitive Indian banking sector. We raise our P/ABV multiple of the standalone banking business to 2.8x (earlier 2.6x) to the FY26E ABV of INR 462.9 per share on the back of the strong balance sheet and improving growth trajectory of its core segments. Outlook This implies a SOTP valuation of INR 1,500 per share (earlier INR 1,430), representing a potential upside of 16.0%. Accordingly, we maintain our &quot;BUY&quot; rating on shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Balkrishna Industries; target of Rs 2768: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Balkrishna Industries BIL’s Q2FY25 earnings performance exceeds our estimates across the board. For Q2FY25, BIL reported revenue of INR 24,197 Mn (+7.4% YoY/ -10.9% QoQ), which outperformed our estimates by 4.0%. In Q2FY25, EBITDA grew by 8.8% YoY/ (-12.7% QoQ) to INR 5,798 Mn, which beat our estimate on higher gross margins and favorable operating leverage. PAT for the quarter was at INR 3,469 Mn (-0.1% YoY/ -29.3% QoQ), which is largely in line with our estimate. We lower our FY25 EPS estimates by 2.1%, mainly because the management has indicated flat volume growth for the year. However, for FY26E, we are maintaining our EPS projections, as we expect stronger pricing power and the delay in the EUDR policy to support our estimates. Outlook We maintain our P/E multiple of 26.5x to FY26E EPS of INR 104.4 to arrive at a price target of INR 2,768/share (maintained). Given the downside potential of 4.6% from CMP, we maintain our &quot;REDUCE&quot; rating on Balkrishna Industries' shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Timeless lessons from ‘The Intelligent Investor’ for today's market [/INST] The full article is as follows: A 75-year-old classic that holds timeless wisdom which is still relevant today. Since its original publication in 1949, Benjamin Graham’s revered classic, The Intelligent Investor, has taught and inspired millions of people worldwide and remains the most respected guide to investing. Knows as the Father of Value Investing, Graham introduced the concept of Mr. Market as a metaphor for the stock market representing its erratic and emotional nature. Mr. Market offers prices to buy or sell stocks, sometimes at irrational levels. The Intelligent Investors views these price offers as opportunities and is not swayed by Mr. Markets irrationality by focusing on the intrinsic value of stocks. Certain concepts explained in the book which find relevancy even today in the Indian stock market are mentioned below. 1. Graham on Types of Investors: * The Defensive Investor - Aims for safety and security, focusing on a diversified portfolio of low-risk investments typically an equal split between stocks and bonds. This investor prioritizes consistency, stable returns, and avoiding unnecessary risk. * The Enterprising Investor - Willing to devote more time and effort to research, seeking opportunities in undervalued stocks or special situations. This investor requires a deeper understanding of markets, individual securities and an active approach towards investing. 2. Graham on Mutual Funds: Mutual funds are quite cheap, very convenient, generally diversified, professionally managed, and tightly regulated under some of the toughest provisions. However, Mutual Funds are not perfect. They are almost perfect, and that word makes all the difference. Because of their imperfections, most funds underperform the market, overcharge their investors and suffer erratic swings in performance. Read : Most funds that topped the ranks in 2019 came to the bottom in 2023. 3. Graham on Value Investing: It is an investing style which involves buying stocks that are undervalued relative to their intrinsic worth which is essentially justified by a company’s assets, earnings, dividends, financial strength and stability, definite company prospects and quality of management. Grahams guidelines for picking stocks are — # Company Size: He preferred large companies. He felt that large firms have the resources in “capital and brain power” to carry them through adversity and back to a level of satisfactory earnings. # Strong Financials: He used different measures of financial strength depending upon the industry such as Current ratio (greater than 2), Working Capital, and Debt to Equity ratio (between 0 to 1). # Stability: He liked to look at the historical company performance over an extended period and preferred companies that avoid losses during recessionary periods. # Dividend: Companies that have paid dividends consistently in the past demonstrate stability and a shareholder-friendly approach. # Valuation: He required that companies be available at a moderate P/E ratio and a moderate P/B ratio. # Growth: He demanded that companies grow enough to keep pace with inflation and have positive earnings over a long period. Finally, Graham strongly advocated to keep a margin of safety, diversify the investments portfolio and stick to asset allocation as it would help the Intelligent Investor create long term wealth. As you can see, even though the book was written in 1949, the concepts it has taught investors still echo in this modern world of investing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Adani Wilmar; target of Rs 373: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Adani Wilmar For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 17.9% YoY (+2.1% QoQ) to INR 144,605 Mn, which is in line with our estimate of 0.8%. The Food &amp;amp; FMCG segment recorded a strong revenue growth of 34.0% YoY (+12.1% QoQ), fueled by increased outlet penetration, and repeat purchases of food products. EBITDA increased 294.1% YoY (-8.5% QoQ) to INR 5,662 Mn, which missed our estimate mainly due to higher-than-expected operating expenses. EBITDA margin improved by 274 bps YoY (-45 bps QoQ) to 3.9%. Adj. net profit increased 302.8% YoY (-0.7% QoQ) to INR 3,110 Mn, missed our estimate. We lower our FY25E/FY26E Adj. EPS estimate by 3.6%/9.0%, on the back of lower-than-expected Q2FY25 performance, inflationary pressures and difficulties in implementing price increases. Outlook We maintain a P/E multiple of 45.0x, leading to a target price of INR 373 per share (previously: INR 410). We maintain our ‘ACCUMULATE’ rating on Adani Wilmar Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Consumption slowdown is positive as it isn't growing via debt, says Prashant Jain of 3P Investment Managers [/INST] The full article is as follows: A slowdown in consumption currently is a positive trend as it is sustainable and not growing via debt, said Prashant Jain, founder and chief investment officer at 3P Investment Managers, in a conversation with Moneycontrol. &quot;Whenever consumption is supported by rising leverage, it means one is preponing consumption and consumption is growing ahead of income levels which will lead to a moderation in demand,&quot; said Jain. Jain said that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been actively working to curb growth in unsecured retail loans. In November last year, RBI has flagged certain concerns on excessive growth in the unsecured retail loans and over-reliance of NBFCs on bank funding. Jain pointed out that ramping up India’s manufacturing exports will be challenging due to a global economic slowdown and increased surplus capacity from China. &quot;This could lead to some moderation in specific areas of the Indian economy, but there’s no reason to be pessimistic,&quot; he added. He also observed a shift in consumer priorities. &quot;People are prioritising air travel, dining out, high-end gadgets, and vacations over staples and four-wheelers,&quot; he said, highlighting a trend toward 'downtrading' in essential goods like soaps, shampoos, and even car purchases.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: SBI Cards falls 3% on weak Q2 results, brokerages downgrade stock, warn of tough FY25 ahead [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of SBI Cards and Payment Services declined over 3 percent to Rs 664 per share on October 30 after brokerages were disappointed with its dismal July-September (Q2FY25) quarter performance. Majority of them reduced their outlook on the counter, slashing target prices, seeing difficult remainder of the year. Nomura shared a 'reduce' rating on SBI Cards and shared target price of Rs 625 apiece, seeing further another 6 percent downside. The firm expects FY25 to be a washout year for SBI Cards, with potential policy rate cut being the only way to improve profitability. They see second-quarter as an operationally weak quarter with card additions at multi-year lows. HSBC, too, shared 'reduce' rating on SBI Cards and reduced target price to Rs 580 per share. Analysts believe that muted new card issuance and low share of earnings assets have impacted earnings. Moreover, the management has not shared any clear guidance on recovery in asset quality. &quot;We cut FY25 estimated EPS by 25 percent on high credit costs. The timing of an earnings recovery also seems difficult to predict,&quot; the brokerage firm added. ALSO READ: SBI Card Q2 results: Net profit falls 33% to Rs 404 crore Meanwhile, Jefferies shared a 'hold' call on SBI Cards and cut target price to Rs 760 per share. Even they cut FY25-27E EPS by 4-8 percent due to miss in second quarter profit due to higher opex. SBI Cards posted net profit of Rs 404 crore in Q2, marking 33 percent YoY decline, while revenue rose 8.2 percent YoY in total revenue. The revenue growth was primarily driven by 20 percent increase in interest income, but fee and commission declined by 2 percent. Market share also showed a slight decline, with SBI Card’s card-in-force share dropping to 18.5 percent from 19.2 percent last year, and spend share falling to 15.7 percent from 18 percent. Additionally, asset quality deterioated during the quarter. Gross non-performing assets (GNPA) rose to 3.27 percent, up from 2.43 percent YoY, while net non-performing assets (NNPA) climbed to 1.19 percent from 0.89 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Shriram Properties soars 7% as firm eyes Rs 750 cr revenue from Pune land parcel [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Shriram Properties soared as much as 7 percent on October 30 after the company inked a joint development agreement to develop a mixed use project in Pune, staring at a revenue potential of about Rs 750 crore. At 09.56 am, shares of Shriram Properties were trading at Rs 108.99 on the NSE. Aside from gains in today's session, the stock has largely remained under pressure in the near past, shedding close to 15 percent in the last one month. The company announced the signing of a joint development agreement (JDA) for six acres of prime land located in the emerging micro-markets of Undri, Pune. It further plans to develop over 650 apartments along with some retail and commercial spaces in the land parcel, totaling an aggregate saleable area of more than 1 million sq ft, to be constructed over the next four years. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action &quot;The project holds a revenue potential of Rs 700-750 crore, and we aim to launch it in H2 FY25,&quot; the company stated. &quot;This investment aligns with our asset-light strategy for accelerated growth. Pune presents a promising market, and we recognise significant potential for well-established brands like Shriram,&quot; Murali Malayappan, Chairman &amp;amp; Managing Director of Shriram Properties, said in an exchange filing. As of the end of the June quarter, Shriram Properties boasts a robust pipeline of 42 projects, encompassing 42 million sq ft of saleable area, including 26 ongoing projects with 24.3 million sq ft of saleable area.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Voltas shares plunge 6% following Q2 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Voltas fell over 6 percent following the release of its September quarter financial results. Although the company showed significant annual improvement, sequential results indicated a sharp decline in earnings. As of 9:40 AM, Voltas shares were down 6 percent at Rs 1,663. The stock has surged nearly 70 percent year-to-date, significantly outperforming the Nifty 50, which rose about 13 percent over the same period. In the September quarter, Voltas' consolidated net profit jumped 262 percent YoY to Rs 134 crore, while revenue from operations increased 14 percent YoY to Rs 2,619 crore. However, sequentially, net profit dropped by 60 percent and revenue by 47 percent. Follow our live blog for all the market action The annual revenue growth was largely driven by a 56 percent surge in volume within its unitary cooling products segment. The segment's revenue rose 31 percent year-on-year to Rs 1,582.2 crore. However, this represents a decline of over 58 percent compared to the previous quarter. Voltas, a market leader in both split and window air conditioners, held a 21 percent market share as of September. Revenue from the Electro-Mechanical Projects and Services segment fell nearly 5 percent year-on-year and over 7 percent quarter-on-quarter, totaling Rs 880 crore. The Engineering Products and Services segment saw a 9 percent annual revenue increase but declined 9 percent sequentially to Rs 146.7 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Torrent Pharma stock drops 4% as promoter likely pares stake in Rs 3,239 cr block deal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Torrent Pharma slipped as much as 4 percent on October 30 after a block deal worth Rs 3,238.90 crore took place in the counter with promoter Torrent Investments being the likely seller. At 09.33 am, shares of Torrent Pharma were trading at Rs 3,113.25 on the NSE. The block deal also tipped off a spike in trading volumes in the counter. As much as one shares already changed hands, far higher than the one month daily traded average of four lakh shares. As much as 1.04 crore shares, making up a 3.1 percent stake in the drugmaker changed hands at an average price of Rs 3,108 apiece, implying an over 3 percent discount from the stock's previous closing price. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Moneycontrol could not immediately ascertain the parties involved in the transaction, however, CNBC-TV18 had reported that promoter Torrent Investments Private Limited was eyeing to offload up to 2.9 percent equity in Torrent Pharma through block deals, in a bid to make up to Rs 3,000 crore. While the base size of the issue was 83 lakh shares, representing 2.4 percent of total equity and valued at Rs 2,500 crore, it had an additional greenshoe option of 16.5 lakh shares worth Rs 500 crore, according to a separate report by CNBC-Awaaz. Furthermore, CNBC-TV18 also reported that the block deal will also trigger a lock-in period of 120 days, during which Torrent Investments will be restricted from selling any further stake. Torrent Investments holds a 71.25 percent stake in Torrent Pharma, as per the drugmaker's recent shareholding data.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Nifty, Sensex fall, snap 2-day streak as pharma stocks decline; Auto stocks rise [/INST] The full article is as follows: Benchmark indices Nifty and Sensex were off to a weak start on the bourses on October 30 following a two-day rally. The dip comes despite positive global cues where Nasdaq hit a fresh record high and Asian markets also ended in the green. At about 9:20 am, the Sensex was down 181.23 points or 0.23 percent at 80,187.80, and the Nifty was down 60.30 points or 0.25 percent at 24,406.50. About 1,775 shares advanced, 782 shares declined, and 108 shares unchanged. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates &quot;While the sentiment in the past few weeks has been quite negative, strong liquidity and FIIs selling gradually reducing has helped markets regain slight momentum. If Nifty sustains the 24,360 mark, the expectation is that the market will remain in the positive strategy,&quot; Kranthi Bathini, Director of Equity Strategy at WeallthMills Securities, said. To be sure, FIIs sold Rs 548 crore in cash markets on October 29, significantly lower than Rs 3,228 crore sold the previous day. Domestic investors were net buyers yet again, purchasing Rs 730 crore in the cash markets. Also read: Maruti Suzuki Q2: Brokerages worry as demand concerns for entry-level cars loom As for stocks, India's largest four-wheeler manufacturer Maruti Suzuki was buzzing in trade following its weaker-than-expected second quarter earnings. The stock gained over 2 percent in the opening trade even as brokerages are cautious as demand for entry-level cars looms. The Maruti stock has slipped 18 percent in the past month. As for the broader market, comprising mid and small caps, showcased a mixed performance. While the midcap index fell 0.2 percent, the smallcap index rallied almost one percent. The two have fallen up to 6 percent in the past month as a host of experts cautioned against expensive valuations. India VIX, a barometer to assess market anxiety, notched up by 3 percent to hover around the 15 levels. Read more: Swiggy sets price band of Rs 371-390 a share for IPO &quot;Observing the intraday chart, a strong base formation is evident, suggesting a continued buy-on-dip strategy with 24100 as a key support level. Although bulls remain optimistic amid the festive week, caution is advised as the market remains uncertain, and booking profits at higher levels is prudent,&quot; Sameet Chavan, Head of Technical and Derivate Research at Angel One, said. He added that improved market sentiment has been fueled by strong gains in select stocks, with the banking sector leading the charge this earnings season. However, a few stocks have faced pressure from missed earnings expectations, underscoring the importance of careful stock selection to spot potential outperformers. Among sectors, Nifty Auto was the top gainer, rising almost a percent higher after Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Bajaj Auto and Hyundai Motor lifted the sentiment. The FMCG index also rose, albeit marginally. Pharma and Healthcare index tanked 2 percent each. Maruti Suzuki, BEL, Bajaj Auto, IndusInd Bank, and Tata Motors were the top gainers on the Nifty. Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma, Shriram Finance, and SBI Life Insurance were the top losers.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Current valuations 10-25% above 15 year average but they are justifiable: Prashant Jain of 3P [/INST] The full article is as follows: Consumption patterns are shifting, with consumers prioritising convenience and services over traditional spending, according to Prashant Jain, the founder and chief investment officer of 3P Investment Managers. “Categories like air travel, rail travel services and food delivery are growing as consumers allocate more spending to these new areas. This shift explains why the portfolio includes emerging categories, while traditional consumption segments may be slowing,” he noted. Jain also spoke to Moneycontrol about valuations, investing in initial public offerings (IPOs) and key risks going ahead. Edited excerpts: Could you elaborate on the challenges India is facing with consumption slowing due to leverage-driven growth and export deceleration influenced by global factors? There are clear signs of a consumption slowdown. Consumption driven by leverage often outpaces income growth, leading to reduced demand when growth normalises. This is the current scenario. The central bank has taken steps to moderate retail loan growth, particularly for unsecured loans, to encourage more sustainable consumption levels. On the exports front, the global economic slowdown, compounded by China’s surplus production capacity, makes it difficult for India to increase its manufactured exports. However, services exports are thriving, supported by India’s competitive edge. While these factors may temper growth in some areas, we remain optimistic about India’s broader economic potential. Where do you see the most significant stress in consumption patterns? We don't have extensive data, but we observe a shift in consumption patterns, which is adding to the slowdown in more traditional categories. You recently discussed valuations, stating that they are about 15-25 percent higher than historical averages. Could you explain this perspective? Current valuations are around 15-25 percent above the 10-15 year average, reflecting India's promising growth potential and a reduced cost of capital. The cost of capital in India has fallen as the yield gap between US and Indian rates has narrowed from 4-6 percent to about 3.8 percent, with low forward dollar premia. Additionally, domestic equities have experienced reduced volatility due to steady domestic flows, which supports the higher multiples. Although estimating an exact fair multiple is challenging, the current 20-25 percent premium over historical averages seems justified. India’s premium over other EMs (emerging markets) aligns with this shift, so current valuations are explainable and not a cause for concern. A DCF (discounted cash flow) analysis on similar economies suggests India may be about 10 percent overvalued, indicating minimal room for further multiple expansion, with earnings growth expected at about 11-12 percent CAGR (compound annual growth rate). Could you elaborate on the long-term return trajectory you envision for large-cap indices like the Sensex? We anticipate that large-cap indices such as the Sensex should compound at around 12 percent annually. Expecting higher returns than this may not be realistic, given the current valuation environment. However, we remain cautious regarding small- and mid-cap stocks due to their hard-to-justify valuations. We see no data supporting higher growth rates in aggregate for small- or mid-caps, as many companies in these segments lack the strength of their large-cap peers. Do you believe small- and mid-cap growth rates could justify their current valuations? No, we don't. In fact, we have yet to see data suggesting that small- and mid-cap stocks deliver higher growth rates overall. Many companies in these categories tend to be weaker compared to their larger counterparts within the same sectors. Given the headwinds in consumption and exports, where do you see the market over a one-to-three-year period? Forecasting short-term equity movements is challenging, but I believe the Nifty's downside appears limited. Historically, Nifty returns have aligned closely with economic growth rates, and certain Nifty components, like banks, are reasonably valued and have even underperformed. Valuations have adjusted to reflect the current growth outlook, suggesting limited downside risk and potential for positive returns in the longer term. What triggers might signal a reversal in this outlook? Valuations and stock supply would be key indicators. Notably, the Nifty has seen minimal dilution in sectors like banking, software, consumer goods, pharmaceuticals and large autos, unlike some other sectors. This, combined with persistent mutual fund inflows, suggests Nifty valuations could align with broader indices. Even recent record outflows, partly due to funds moving to China, had a limited impact on the Nifty, underscoring its underlying resilience. In your newsletter, you mentioned that in this market environment, it's essential to focus on defensive strategies, akin to scoring singles and doubles in cricket. Could you give us a framework for this approach? To reduce portfolio risk, we focus on high-quality, sustainable businesses and avoid those with weak fundamentals or temporary growth. Valuations are critical—overpaying can lead to significant penalties if growth slows, as we’re seeing in consumer companies where even slight underperformance in growth is heavily penalised. It’s essential to manage risk, focus on quality and set realistic return expectations. This isn’t a market to pursue aggressive returns. You own stocks in a diverse range of companies like Zomato, Ixigo, Mahindra Holidays. What's the theme here, especially considering the consumption slowdown? &amp;nbsp; Consumption patterns are shifting, with consumers prioritising convenience and services over traditional spending. Categories like air travel, rail travel services and food delivery are growing as consumers allocate more spending to these new areas. This shift explains why the portfolio includes emerging categories, while traditional consumption segments may be slowing. In this theme (of convenience), if we take individual companies like Zomato, it was looking like a bargain a year ago but how do you justify the valuations it is trading at now? Let’s not discuss individual companies. But I would agree with you that even these businesses are not cheap at all, particularly in these market conditions. What’s your thesis on consumer discretionary, especially given the sector’s slowdown? Are there any specific trends or picks defying this trend? Consumer discretionary as a whole is not slowing, though certain segments, like four-wheeler sales, are under pressure. Other areas, such as air travel and food delivery, continue to perform well, reflecting shifting consumer priorities. Consumers today are spending more on experiences and electronics, with limited budgets, and reduced net financial savings are also impacting spending patterns. Rapid growth in consumption-related loans has supported this shift, though repaying these loans will eventually constrain growth in traditional categories. You’ve been bullish on financials, especially private banks. How do you look at concerns about leverage-driven consumption and slowing growth? We favour large banks because their growth rates and valuations are now aligned with current economic growth rates. The dependency of large banks on unsecured personal loans is relatively low; they lend across diverse categories. Their superior customer profile also minimises risk from slippages in unsecured loans compared to smaller banks, NBFCs (non-banking financial companies) or MFIs (microfinance institutions). Additionally, large banks’ valuations are close to 10-15 year averages, unlike other sectors, where valuations are at a premium. This balance of strong fundamentals and reasonable valuations makes financials an attractive choice. And what about pharma, where you have increased exposure even though their earnings multiple does not fit into your investing framework? Pharma is a high-quality sector with significant competitive strength both domestically and internationally. The sector includes businesses that demonstrate attractive ROCE (return on capital employed), reasonable entry barriers and strong management with good scale. Valuations are also reasonable given the broader market context. Additionally, the pharma sector tends to follow a bottom-up approach in investment decisions due to each company’s unique growth prospects and business mix, making it less dependent on macro trends than sectors like banks or IT. You also have quite an eclectic bunch in autos, you have passenger cars, you have two-wheelers, you have quite a range of stocks. What is your call there from Mahindra and Mahindra to Eicher Motors? In autos, valuation dispersion across categories is low, supporting a diversified investment strategy. You pursue concentration in your portfolio when you find great value in some pockets because then it makes sense to put a lot of money in those few pockets… But in this market (across sectors including autos), the dispersion in valuation is low, so it is better to run a diversified portfolio. The valuations are converging and the growth prospects are similar, then why take additional risk of putting a lot of money behind a single idea? Did you invest in the Hyundai IPO? We thought it was very expensive. Do you invest in IPOs? What are your thoughts? The IPO market has seen a significant increase in supply. Promoter stakes are reducing, not from selling but through dilution. For the first time in the history of Indian capital markets, MNCs (multinational corporations) have sold down stakes in listed companies over the last one year. This trend has gone even one step further with the Indian arms of these MNCs listing in India because valuations in India are much higher than what these parents trade at outside. Hyundai was the first such case and we would expect a lot more companies to go public. The supply of stock in India is increasing rapidly. Some cash-rich companies are also raising capital to take advantage of attractive valuations. This rapid supply increase may lead to moderated returns and valuations over time, similar to historical patterns seen in 1992, 1999 and 2007. We remain keen on investing in IPOs, as the goal is always to find sustainable businesses at reasonable valuations. While we do not follow a short-term strategy to sell on listing, we look for long-term value in IPO investments without distraction from our overall low-churn investment approach. What do you see as the biggest risk for this year? The primary risks this year include geopolitical uncertainties and US 10-year yields. So far, oil prices have remained stable despite ongoing wars, minimising the impact on India as long as conflicts do not escalate. The US yield curve, however, is a concern: while the short end may decrease, long-term yields are likely to remain high due to increasing borrowing and persistent deficits. If US 10-year yields reach 4.5-5 percent, it could affect global capital markets. However, India may be resilient due to a lower current account deficit, strong local flows and reduced dependency on FII (foreign institutional investor) inflows. Do you see any risk to local liquidity at all? It seems like this is the new normal that every time the market sells off 5-7 percent and you stop because there is so much buying that comes with every dip. Is there anything at all that could change or reverse this trend? This surge in local market liquidity appears to be structural, stemming from decades of financial education and investment in public awareness by funds, regulators, media and banks. Domestic flows are likely to continue as long-term investments. If three-year returns drop significantly, domestic flows might slow, but currently, the trend remains robust. A potential moderation in IPO pricing could further benefit the market by sustaining interest without speculative spikes. How would you explain or describe last year, and what do you expect for the coming year? Expectations are high, with a new wave of investors, many of whom have not experienced a down market cycle. This could lead to disappointment, especially in high-risk areas like F&amp;amp;O (futures and options) or speculative investments in popular narratives. Long-term potential remains promising, but it’s critical for investors to be realistic about returns and mindful of risks, focusing on the quality and valuation of what they own. Markets may favour those who approach investments with discipline and long-term thinking, rather than chasing narratives or inflated prices. I also noticed that you have also exited a lot of stocks in this space that you had—defence, some of the power stocks, the power NBFCs, etc. So you made quite a timely exit, I guess, in all of these. Our investments are based on two simple promises, buy good quality businesses and don't overpay. So I think when good businesses are available cheap, you buy them, and when they get overvalued, you reduce exposure. That is a sensible way to do well in these markets.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Multiple near-term challenges may hijack Cipla's growth trajectory [/INST] The full article is as follows: While pharma major Cipla's better-than-expected numbers for the July-September quarter has impressed brokerages, the multiple near-term challenges that it faces has turned many on the Street cautious. These worries have also weighed on the stock as it tanked close to 5 percent in morning trade on October 30. At 09.17 am, shares of Cipla were trading at Rs 1,406.65 on the NSE. It is worth noting that the stock also fell close to 2 percent on October 29, after it released its quarterly numbers. On one hand Cipla faces supply challenges for its its tumor drug Lanreotide which is expected to keep sales lower in Q3 and on the other it struggles with further delays for two key launches due to regulatory challenges. Regulatory challenges at Cipla’s Goa and Pithampur facilities have pushed back the anticipated launch of its respiratory drug Advair to mid-FY26, while the chemotherapy drug Abraxane is now expected by brokerages to debut around FY27. Other key drugs are also facing their own set of challenges. Respiratory drug Albuterol is facing increasing competition, and similar concerns are circulating around the blockbuster cancer drug Revlimid, with its patent slated to expire in 2026. Taking notice of the high product concentration risk and near-term challenges in key products for Cipla, brokerage firm Nuvama Institutional Equities has slashed its price target for the stock `by 4 percent to Rs 1,593, while retaining its 'hold' call. Meanwhile, three key products—Lanreotide, Revlimid, and Albuterol—currently account for approximately 20 percent of Cipla's projected FY26 EBITDA, according to Nuvama. Therefore, any challenges to these drugs pose a considerable risk to the company's growth trajectory. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action UBS Securities also shares similar views. The brokerage believes that Lanreotide's shortage may impact Cipla's near-term performance at the current juncture. UBS also slashed its price target for the stock by 5 percent to Rs 1,960, but chose to retain its 'buy' call on Cipla. Moving on, Nomura believes the narrative for Cipla has worsened in the recent past, driven by US prospects and slowdown in India. &quot;Supply constraints in Lanreotide, potential competition in Lanreotide in due course, a delay in clearance of the Goa site resulting in Cipla failing to have the first-mover advantage (a competitor has gained approval) presents potential risks to earnings,&quot; Nomura wrote in a note. On account of this, Nomura also retained its 'neutral' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,568. Meanwhile, Bank of America (BoFA) also reiterated its 'underperform' rating on Cipla, setting a target price of Rs 1,400. BoFA further expects margins to moderate in H2 amid mixed trends for Q3. The brokerage also flagged that a potential delay hangs over Abraxane's launch as it hinges on the Goa facility's clearance. “Any setback in facility clearance poses a risk to estimates, and with limited catalysts, we maintain our underperform stance,” BoFA stated. Also Read | Cipla's major drug launches hit new delays as regulatory hurdles persist. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kaynes Technology's shares surge 6% on strong Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Kaynes Technology India surged by 6 percent on reporting robust Q2 results, with consolidated net profit soaring 86 percent YoY to Rs 60.2 crore. Revenue from operations also grew 59 percent YoY, reaching Rs 572.1 crore. As of 9.18 AM, the stock traded 5 percent higher at Rs 5,498. The stock has more than doubled year-to-date, significantly outperforming the Nifty 50, which gained nearly 13 percent during the same period. The company's EBITDA rose 68 percent YoY to Rs 82.1 crore, with EBITDA margins expanding by 83 basis points to 14.4 percent. Kaynes Tech's order book also increased to Rs 5,422.8 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 5,038.6 crore in Q1FY25. &quot;Our orderbook stood at Rs 5,422.8 crore as of September 30, 2024, providing strong revenue visibility for FY25 and beyond. This gives us confidence to sustain our growth and achieve the revenue guidance for the current year,&quot; said Ramesh Kunhikannan, Managing Director &amp;amp; Promoter of Kaynes Tech. Follow our live blog for all the market action Additionally, net working capital days improved to 108 from 119 in the year-ago period. Kaynes Technology is an integrated electronics manufacturer, providing end-to-end IoT-enabled solutions across the full range of Electronics System and Design Manufacturing (ESDM) services. With over 30 years of expertise, it delivers conceptual design, process engineering, integrated manufacturing, and lifecycle support for key sectors such as automotive, industrial, aerospace, space, strategic electronics, medical, railways, IoT, and IT. &quot;We continue to invest in high potential &amp;amp; high margin segments and expect these to help us sustain the growth momentum and make Kaynes, a differentiated player in this segment. We are consistently adding new capabilities, new geographies and looking to expand our customer base, with specific focus on large customers and high growth segments,&quot; Kunhikannan said in a press release.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 30, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks Farmers in Gujarat have sown kharif crops over 8.49 million hectares as of Oct. 14, down slightly by 1.4% on year, according to the final kharif sowing report released by the state's agriculture department. The state had kharif crops sown over 8.61 million hectares in the same period last year. The normal area under kharif crops, which is the average of the last three years, was 8.56 million hectares, of which the state covered 99.2% this year. The total oilseed acreage in the state was 2.91 million hectares, up from 2.68 million hectares last year. Under oilseeds, the acreage under groundnut was 1.91 million hectares, up from 1.64 hectares a year ago. The area sown under soybean rose 13.2% on year to 300,773 hectares from 265,738 hectares a year ago, while castor seed acreage fell to 646,334 hectares from 724,190 hectares last year. The acreage under paddy as of Oct. 14 rose to 886,779 hectares from 873,320 hectares a year ago, the report showed. The area sown under maize also rose slightly to 286,060 hectares from 282,463 hectares sown a year ago. On the other hand, the acreage under bajra fell to 168,315 hectares from 197,168 hectares a year ago, according to the report. The area sown under total pulses in the state was 406,711 hectares, up from 377,346 hectares a year ago, the report said. Under pulses, the acreage under tur rose to 244,250 hectares from 214,880 hectares last year, while moong acreage fell to 55,222 hectares from 64,619 hectares sown a year ago. Cotton acreage as of Oct. 14 fell to 2.37 million hectares from 2.68 million hectares last year, the report showed. The total area sown under all vegetables was 269,742 hectares, up from 260,360 hectares a year ago. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Marico jumps 9% as steady Q2 results sparks optimism, brokerages see up to 27% upside potential [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Marico jumped over 9 percent to Rs 687 per share as brokerages were impressed with its July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance, which came in-line with its pre-quarterly update. Analysts maintained their 'buy' calls on the counter, predicting over 27 percent upside from current levels. Nomura shared a 'buy' call for the FMCG player and put out target price at Rs 760 apiece, seeing no impact from urban category as it primarily caters to premium and mass-market segments. Moreover, the company's price hike strategy also helped improve growth outlook. Around 10 percent price hike was undertaken for Parachute from the second half, which reflected mid-single digit volume growth and market share gain, highlighted Nomura. Similarly, 15 percent price hike was taken for Saffola Oils in H2, which resulted in minimal volume backlash. Besides that, foods, premium personal care, and digital brands - all of them showed healthy growth trajectory. ALSO READ: Marico Q2 results: FMCG firm's net profit rises 20% to Rs 433 crore Joining the bullish chorus, Jefferies also shared a 'buy' rating and assigned Rs 800 apiece as target price. Jefferies said that the Q2 was in-line with India volume growth at 5 percent, supported by rural markets. Going forward, the management indicated positive quarters coming ahead as well as in the medium-term. However, if inflation returns back, Marico could face some margin pressures, the brokerage firm added. Marico's second-quarter profit rose by 20 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 433 crore, while revenue from operations rose by 7.4 percent YoY to Rs 2,664 crore. At the operational level, Marico's EBITDA showed a modest increase of 5 percent YoY in Q2FY25. Marico’s quarterly business update highlighted stable sector demand, with rural markets outpacing urban areas for a third consecutive quarter. The company reported mid-single-digit volume growth in its domestic segment, showing sequential improvement. The international business also delivered solid low-teen growth in constant currency, with each market contributing positively.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: World Street | Visa plans 1,400 layoffs; EU hikes tariffs on Chinese EVs; Google parent Alphabet reports strong Q3 growth; and more [/INST] The full article is as follows: Visa plans to lay off 1,400 employees, focusing on tech and global partnerships, while the EU raises tariffs on Chinese EVs up to 45.3%, sparking tension with Beijing. ByteDance’s Zhang Yiming tops China’s rich list as global revenue hits $110 billion. Alphabet posts strong Q3 growth with $88.3 billion in sales. Reddit reports its first profit, driven by AI deals and ad gains. All this and more on this edition of World Street. Visa Trims Visa is reportedly preparing to lay off around 1,400 employees and contractors by year’s end as part of efforts to sharpen its international business, according to the Wall Street Journal. Of the planned cuts, approximately 1,000 are in technology positions, while the rest focus on Visa’s merchant sales and global digital partnership roles. Some layoffs began last week, though employees in global digital partnerships will remain onboard until year-end. Duty Drama The European Union is raising tariffs on electric vehicles (EVs) imported from China, with rates reaching as high as 45.3% after concluding a high-profile trade investigation. The move has created tension within Europe and spurred warnings from Beijing. Following its year-long anti-subsidy probe, the European Commission plans to add extra tariffs ranging from 7.8% for Tesla to 35.3% for China's SAIC, in addition to the EU’s standard 10% import duty on cars. ByteDance Boom ByteDance founder Zhang Yiming has become China’s wealthiest individual with a net worth of $49.3 billion, surpassing the bottled water magnate Zhong Shanshan, according to the Hurun China Rich List. ByteDance’s global revenue surged by 30% last year, reaching $110 billion despite a legal battle over its U.S. assets, helping to bolster Yiming’s fortune. The total number of billionaires on the list has also declined, with 142 fewer than the previous year, marking a one-third drop from its 2021 peak. Market Magnet Google parent Alphabet announced robust revenue growth for the third quarter on Tuesday, continuing its upward momentum despite regulatory challenges and increasing competition. The tech giant reported $88.3 billion in sales, a 15% YoY increase, exceeding analysts' forecast. Profit also jumped 34% to $26.3 billion. The strong results underscore Alphabet’s dominance in digital advertising, with Google’s search engine and YouTube continuing to be essential channels for marketers to reach audiences. Reddit's Profit Pop Reddit reported its first-ever quarterly profit on Tuesday and projected fourth-quarter revenue above expectations, fueled by content licensing deals for AI training and strong digital ad spending. This news lifted its shares by 22%. As Reddit gains traction with advertisers, it continues to expand its user base through machine-learning-powered language translation. Content licensing partnerships with Google and Microsoft-backed OpenAI have also contributed to Reddit’s revenue growth. China Clampdown The Biden administration has announced that it is finalizing regulations to restrict U.S. investments in China’s AI and other tech sectors deemed risky to national security. Effective January 2, the new rules will be managed by the Treasury's newly established Office of Global Transactions. The rules, initially proposed in June by the U.S. Treasury, stem from an executive order signed by President Joe Biden in August 2023, covering three critical areas: semiconductors and microelectronics, quantum information technologies, and select AI systems.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerage Radar: Analysts turn cautious on SBI Cards; Nomura raises Bharti Airtel's target price [/INST] The full article is as follows: Check out the latest brokerage calls and analyst comments on the stocks in action today. Our coverage includes Maruti Suzuki, Marico, SBI Cards and more. Maruti Suzuki Nomura On Maruti Neutral Call, Target `12,455/Sh Concerns About Weaker Demand Remain, Q2 Margin Miss High Discounts May Continue In Near-term Improving CNG Mix &amp;amp; Rising ASPs Are Positives Mgmt Expects Festive Season Sales To Rise 14% YoY FY25F Retail Is Expected To Grow 3-4% YoY For Co Inventory Will Come Down To 30 Days At End Of Festive Season Hence Discount Pressure May Not Be There In Q3 HSBC On Maruti Hold Call, Target `14,000/Sh Q2 Margin Were Weak Due To Weak Demand Environment &amp;amp; High Discounting Q3 Is Likely To Be Worse Expect Biz To Normalize In FY26 On Improvement In Demand &amp;amp; New Pdt Launches Valuations Look Reasonable As Well; Hybrid Tax Cut Is Upside Risk SBI Cards Nomura on SBI Cards Reduce Call, Target Price At `625/Sh FY25 To Be A Washout Year Asset Quality Woes Continued As Credit Cost/Write-Offs Operationally A Weak Qtr With Card Additions At Multi-Qtr Lows; Current Valuation: 3.9x/21.2x FY26F BVPS/EPS HSBC On SBI Cards Reduce Call, Target Price Cut To `580/Sh Q2FY25: Muted New Card Issuance, Low Share Of Earnings Assets Impacted Earnings Q2FY25: NIM Contraction, High Credit Costs Impacted Earnings No Clear Guidance On A Recovery In Asset Quality Timing Of An Earnings Recovery Remains Difficult To Predict Cut FY25 Est EPS By 25% On High Credit Costs Jefferies On SBI Cards Hold Call, Target Price Cut To `760/Sh Q2 PAT Was Well Below Our Est Due To Higher Opex Receivables Growth Was Healthy At 23%YoY NIM Disappointed, But Should Inch Up In H2 Due To Easing Short Term Rates Opex Rose 11% QoQ Due To Pre-Festive Expenses GNPA &amp;amp; Net Slippages Rose QoQ Credit Costs Rose 50 bps QoQ As Expected, Credit Costs Can Stay Elevated Near Term Cut FY25-27E EPS By 4-8% Bharti Airtel HSBC on Bharti Airtel Buy Call, Target Price At `1,940/Sh Mobile ARPU To Increase, Home Broadband Subs To Surge Capex Intensity To Decline, FCF And ROIC To Improve In Q2, India EBITDA is up 19% YoY Nomura on Bharti Airtel Buy Call, Target Price Raised To `1,850/Sh Delivered Strong Performance For India Biz, Africa Core Performance Healthy Net Debt Increased Modestly, Capex Moderated Bharti Seems Best-Placed To Benefit From Rising ARPUs Marico Jefferies On Marico Buy Call, Target Price Raised To `800/Sh Q2 in-line With India Volume Growth At 5%, Led By Rural With inflation coming back, Marico to see rev growth accelerating to D/D ahead, With Inflation Coming Back, Marico To See Some Impact On Margins As Well Mgmt Outlook On Growth Appeared To Be +Ve For Coming Qtrs As Well As Medium-term Nomura On Marico Buy Call, Target Price At `760/Sh Q2: In-line With Pre-Quarterly Update; Demand Improves No Impact From Weakness In Urban As It Caters To Premium And Mass Sharp Price Hikes Improve Growth Outlook Parachute — 10% Price Hike From H2 + Mid-Single Volume Growth + Share Gain Saffola Oils — 15% Price Hike From H2 + Minimal Volume Backlash Foods, Premium Personal Care, Digital Brands – Show Healthy Growth Trajectory VAHO – Another Weak Quarter But Has Bottomed Out Nomura On Honeywell Automation Buy Call, Target `60,800/Sh Believe Margin Disappointment Was Largely Due To Inferior Mix Margin Disappointment Led By Sluggish Exports Demand From Non-Honeywell Entities However, Continue To Expect A Margin Recovery In H2FY25 Stock Currently Trades At 54x/ 44x FY26/ FY27 EPS Nomura On Cipla Neutral Call, Target `1,568/Sh In-Line Quarter But Weak Narrative Management Retained Guidance For FY25 EBITDA Margin At 24.5-25.5% Mgmt Says, Seasonal Weakness In Prescription &amp;amp; Trade Generic Segments Mgmt Says, Saw Strong Growth In Consumer Health North America Generics Sales declined QoQ Due To Lanreotide Supply Constraints North America Generics Sales Likely To Decline Further In Q3 With Recovery In Q4 Strong Growth In Both Tender And Private Market In South Africa Biz Mgmt Expects The Sustainable Growth Rate For The EM &amp;amp; Europe Business At ~10%. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open on flat note on October 30, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,441, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. In a volatile session, the Indian benchmark indices extended the gains on second straight session on October 29 with Nifty closing above 24,450, led by realty and financial stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 363.99 points or 0.45 percent at 80,369.03, and the Nifty was up 127.60 points or 0.52 percent at 24,466.80. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading flat, indicating a muted start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,441 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Up) Asian markets mostly climbed on Tuesday, tracking gains on Wall Street as investors looked toward a slate of megacap technology earnings to keep propelling the Nasdaq Composite Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.51 -4.17 5.98 Nikkei 0.77 -2.77 9 Hang Seng - - - Taiwan 0.21 2.55 23.42 Kospi -0.33 -4.69 -7.38 US Equities (Gain) The Nasdaq scored a record closing high and the S&amp;amp;P 500 rose on Tuesday, while the Dow fell as investors digested a host of corporate earnings and awaited Google-parent Alphabet's results that came after the market close. The Nasdaq Composite rose 145.56 points, or 0.78%, to 18,712.75, breaking the previous closing record in July. The S&amp;amp;P 500 climbed 9.45 points, or 0.16%, to 5,832.97. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 154.52 points, or 0.36%, to 42,233.05. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.36 0.10 13.23 S&amp;amp;P500 0.16 1.50 23.57 Nasdaq 0.78 3.22 25.96 US Bond Yield (Down) US 10-Year Treasury was down 19 bps at 4.24 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury was flat at 4.09 percent in the early trade on Wednesday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury -0.19 3.78 4.89 US 2-Year Treasury 0.05 3.64 5.05 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar hovered close to a three-month peak on Wednesday in a big week for macroeconomic data that could reveal the path for U.S. monetary policy. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.23 100.77 106.12 Asian currencies (Gain) Except Indonesian Rupiah and South Korean Won, all other Asian currencies were trading higher in the early trade on Wednesday. However, on month-to-date basis, all the currencies fell between 1-6 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.298 -4 -2.35 South Korean Won -0.046 -4.98 -6.70 Japanese Yen 0.052 -6.27 -7.96 Philippines Peso 0.139 -3.75 -4.86 Thai Baht 0.068 -3.64 1.79 Taiwan Dollar 0.0.44 -1.31 -4.69 China Renminbi 0.003 -1.54 -0.408 Malaysian Ringgit 0.085 -5.74 5.01 Singapore Dollar 0.045 -2.90 -0.234 Crude (Gains) Oil prices stabilised on Wednesday on industry data showing a surprise drop in U.S. crude and gasoline inventories, following two previous sessions of losses on the prospect of hostilities easing in the Middle East. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.22 -1.19 -5.99 Brent Crude 0.17 -0.74 -7.53 Gold (Up) Gold reached a record in early Asian trading on Wednesday, as traders digested the latest US economic data and weighed potential market disruption ahead of the looming presidential election. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.11 5.44 34.65 Silver 0.18 10.34 44.49 LME Commodities (Down) Except Aluminium, all other commodities price were trading lower in the early trade on Wednesday with Lead down over 1 percent, while Nickel shed nearly a percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 0.51 1.82 11.54 Copper -0.12 -3.04 11.35 Nickel -0.89 -9.37 -4.40 Lead -1.31 -4.39 -3.12 Zinc -0.54 1 17.46 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 548.69 crore on October 29, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 730.13 crore on the same day. 29th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -548.69 -88,595.62 -2,30,583.12 DII Net Flows 730.13 1,31,102.04 4,36,685.75 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Swiggy IPO: Swiggy sets price band of Rs 371-390 a share for IPO [/INST] The full article is as follows: Swiggy Ltd set a price band of Rs 371-390 a share for its initial public offering that will open for subscription on November 6 and close on November 8. The anchor book will open on November 5, basis of allotment and initiation of refunds will be on November 11, credit of equity shares will be on November 12 and the stock will list on exchanges on November 13. The IPO consists of a fresh issue of Rs 4,499 crore and an offer-for-sale of 17.5 crore by several existing shareholders and promoters. On the upper price band of the issue price, the OFS will be valued at Rs 6,828 crore. With this the total issue size will be around Rs 11,327.43 crore and the total mcap of the firm will be at around Rs 87,299 crore. The company, backed by several global and domestic institutional investors, has increased the fresh issue size from Rs 3,750 crore and reduced the offer-for-sale component from 18.5 crore shares earlier. Accel India, Apoletto Asia, Alpha Wave Ventures, Coatue PE Asia, DST EuroAsia, Elevation Capital, Inspired Elite Investments, MIH India Food Holdings, Norwest Venture Partners, and Tencent Cloud Europe will be the selling shareholders in the offer-for-sale of the professionally managed company. MIH India Food Holdings, an affiliate of Prosus, is the largest shareholder in Swiggy, holding a 30.93 percent stake, followed by SoftBank Group's SVF II SONGBIRD (DE) LLC, which holds a 7.75 percent stake. Accel India owns a 4.71 percent stake, and Tencent Cloud holds a 3.64 percent stake. Sriharsha Majety (Managing Director &amp;amp; Group CEO) and Lakshmi Nandan Reddy Obul (Wholetime Director - Head of Innovation), co-founders of the company, hold 5.36 percent and 1.75 percent stakes, respectively. The company will utilize Rs 1,343.5 crore out of net fresh issue proceeds for investment in its subsidiary Scootsy, and Rs 703.4 crore for investment in technology and cloud infrastructure. Furthermore, Rs 1,115.3 crore will be spent on brand marketing and business promotion expenses, with the remainder allocated for inorganic growth and general corporate purposes. On the financial front, the company has narrowed its loss for the fiscal year 2024 to Rs 2,350.2 crore, down from Rs 4,179.3 crore in the previous year, while revenue from operations increased significantly by 36 percent to Rs 11,247.4 crore, up from Rs 8,264.6 crore during the same period. For the quarter ended June 2024, the company reported a loss of Rs 611 crore, widening from a loss of Rs 564 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal year. However, revenue in this period surged by 35 percent to Rs 3,222.2 crore. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company, Citigroup Global Markets India, Jefferies India, Avendus Capital, JP Morgan India, BofA Securities India, and ICICI Securities are acting as merchant bankers for the issue.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Voltas, Marico, Torrent Pharma, Godavari Biorefineries, Sar Televenture, Kaynes Tech, Hitachi Energy in focus on Wednesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro, Tata Power, Dabur India, Biocon, Aditya Birla Capital, 3i Infotech, Aeroflex Industries, AGS Transact Technologies, AIA Engineering, Automotive Axles, DCM Shriram, Grindwell Norton, IRB Infrastructure Developers, KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration, The New India Assurance Company, Paisalo Digital, Procter &amp;amp; Gamble Hygiene &amp;amp; Health Care, Protean eGov Technologies, Prudent Corporate Advisory Services, Sterlite Technologies, and TTK Prestige will announce their September quarter earnings on October 30. Quarterly Earnings Marico Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 20.3% to Rs 433 crore Vs Rs 360 crore Revenue increases 7.6% to Rs 2,664 crore Vs Rs 2,476 crore EBITDA rises 5% to Rs 522 crore Vs Rs 497 crore Margin drops 50 bps to 19.6% Vs 20.1% Voltas Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 272.6% to Rs 132.8 crore Vs Rs 35.7 crore Revenue grows 14.2% to Rs 2,619.1 crore Vs Rs 2,292.8 crore EBITDA jumps 130.8% to Rs 162.2 crore Vs Rs 70.3 crore EBITDA margin expands 314 bps to 6.2% Vs 3.06% Profit plunges 60.3% to Rs 132.8 crore Vs Rs 335 crore (QoQ) Revenue tanks 46.8% to Rs 2,619.1 crore Vs Rs 4,921 crore (QoQ) Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceuticals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 16.1% to Rs 252.5 crore Vs Rs 217.5 crore Revenue increases 5.6% to Rs 1,010.8 crore Vs Rs 957 crore EBITDA rises 11.1% to Rs 321.7 crore Vs Rs 289.5 crore Margin expands 150 bps to 31.8% Vs 30.3% Company announces special interim dividend of Rs 12 per share Hitachi Energy India Q2 (YoY) Profit soars 111.4% to Rs 52.3 crore Vs Rs 24.7 crore Revenue grows 26.5% to Rs 1,553.7 crore Vs Rs 1,228 crore EBITDA jumps 68% to Rs 109.7 crore Vs Rs 65.3 crore Margin expands 174 bps to 7.06% Vs 5.32% Container Corporation of India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 0.6% to Rs 366.3 crore Vs Rs 368.5 crore Revenue rises 4.2% to Rs 2,287.8 crore Vs Rs 2,194.9 crore Exceptional loss at Rs 33.32 crore Vs Nil Prestige Estates Projects Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit sinks 77.4% to Rs 192.2 crore Vs Rs 850.9 crore Revenue rises 3% to Rs 2,304.4 crore Vs Rs 2,236.4 crore Other income plunges sharply to Rs 119.4 crore Vs Rs 1,019.6 crore Tax write-back at Rs 51.9 crore Vs tax expenses at Rs 256.4 crore Capri Global Capital Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 48.7% to Rs 97 crore Vs Rs 65.2 crore Net interest income grows 22.2% to Rs 305 crore Vs Rs 249.6 crore Redington Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 3.5% to Rs 292.9 crore Vs Rs 303.5 crore Revenue rises 12% to Rs 24,895.6 crore Vs Rs 22,220.2 crore Motisons Jewellers Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 100.6% to Rs 10.4 crore Vs Rs 5.2 crore Revenue grows 21.3% to Rs 109.3 crore Vs Rs 90.1 crore Honeywell Automation Q2 (YoY) Profit declines 5.6% to Rs 115.1 crore Vs Rs 121.9 crore Revenue slips 7.3% to Rs 1,023.9 crore Vs Rs 1,104.2 crore MTAR Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 8.2% to Rs 18.8 crore Vs Rs 20.5 crore Revenue grows 14% to Rs 190.2 crore Vs Rs 166.8 crore GHCL Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 8.4% to Rs 154.8 crore Vs Rs 142.8 crore Revenue falls 1.6% to Rs 792.8 crore Vs Rs 806.1 crore Other income rises to Rs 17.44 crore Vs Rs 10.56 crore Tax expenses drop to Rs 41.5 crore Vs Rs 48.62 crore Welspun Enterprises Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 7.7% to Rs 70.1 crore Vs Rs 65.1 crore Revenue jumps 22.1% to Rs 788.5 crore Vs Rs 645.7 crore Board appoints Abhishek Chaudhary as Chief Executive Officer of the company, effective November 4 Board approves acquisition of additional 9.99% equity stake in Welspun Michigan, from Patel Engineering Godrej Agrovet Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 7.8% to Rs 95.8 crore Vs Rs 103.9 crore Revenue declines 4.8% to Rs 2,448.8 crore Vs Rs 2,570.9 crore Linc Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 13.9% to Rs 8.8 crore Vs Rs 7.7 crore Revenue increases 2.6% to Rs 134.6 crore Vs Rs 131.2 crore Board approves stock split in 1:2 ratio Board approves 1:1 bonus issue Laxmi Organic Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 162.2% to Rs 28.1 crore Vs Rs 10.7 crore Revenue jumps 18.2% to Rs 771.3 crore Vs Rs 652.3 crore Laxmi Organic to set n-Butyl Acetate plant at Dehej, Gujarat and Ethyl Acetate plant at Lote, Maharashtra Kaynes Technology Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 86.4% to Rs 60.2 crore Vs Rs 32.3 crore Revenue surges 58.5% to Rs 572.1 crore Vs Rs 360.8 crore Stocks To Watch Torrent Pharmaceuticals Promoter Torrent Investments is likely to sell up to 2.9% of its stake in Torrent Pharma via block deals, reports CNBC-TV18, quoting sources. The floor price is set at Rs 3,022.71 per share, with a base size of the issue at Rs 2,500 crore and an upsize option of Rs 500 crore. Torrent Investments held a 71.25% stake in Torrent Pharma as of September 2024. Reliance Industries The company's subsidiary, Reliance New Energy, presently holds a 92.01% equity stake in Faradion. Reliance New Energy has acquired the remaining equity stake from the existing shareholders of Faradion on October 28. With this acquisition, Faradion has now become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reliance New Energy. RITES The transport infrastructure consultancy has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with SAIL-Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL-BSL), under the Ministry of Steel, to collaborate on project management consultancy for rail connectivity works. These consultancy works involve both existing and new railway tracks across various sites within the Bokaro Steel Plant in Jharkhand. Fortis Healthcare The company has received approval from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) for the acquisition of the entire stake held by the International Finance Corporation, NYLIM Jacob Ballas India Fund III LLC, and Resurgence PE Investments in Agilus Diagnostics. Agilus is a material subsidiary of the company. Sar Televenture The Board has given its approval for the company to acquire a 91% stake in Tikona Infinet from the existing shareholders for Rs 669.04 crore. The amount will be paid via a cash payout of Rs 374.85 crore and a share swap of Rs 294.19 crore. Tikona provides wireless broadband services for home and enterprise customers in India. Bulk Deals Ideaforge Technology Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius sold a 0.53% stake in Ideaforge at an average price of Rs 555.35 per share. Jyoti Structures Foreign company Aion Jyoti LLC sold a 0.58% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 34.72 per share. Block Deals PNB Housing Finance HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company acquired a 0.38% stake in PNB Housing from Asia Opportunities V (Mauritius) at an average price of Rs 900 per share, valued at Rs 90 crore. Mainboard Listing on October 30 Godavari Biorefineries Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, CRISIL, Gabriel India, Supreme Industries, India Grid Trust, Anzen India Energy Yield Plus Trust, Mindspace Business Parks REIT Stock Trades Ex-Date for Ex-Split Master Trust Stock Trades Ex-Date for Rights Asian Petroproducts &amp;amp; Exports F&amp;amp;O Ban IDFC First Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Bharti Airtel, MCX India, BSE, Bharat Electronics, LIC, Trent and others on Wednesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices continued their upward journey for the second straight session on October 29, rising half a percent with positive market breadth. About 1,520 shares advanced against 980 declining shares on the NSE. The market may consolidate until decisively climbing above short-term moving averages in the upcoming sessions. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Ashish Kyal, CMT, Founder and CEO at Waves Strategy Advisors Multi Commodity Exchange of India | CMP: Rs 6,824.75 Since the past two trading sessions, MCX India has rallied by more than 5 percent, suggesting increasing buying interest in the stock. MCX has managed to outperform despite major indices falling. On the daily chart, prices are moving up in a higher high and higher lows structure, which keeps the overall tone positive. The RSI (Relative Strength Index) is trading near the overbought zone, so one should use a buy-on-dips approach to ride the trend. In summary, the current trend for MCX is bullish. Use dips as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 6,950, followed by Rs 7,100. On the downside, Rs 6,540 is the crucial support level. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,950, Rs 7,100 Support: Rs 6,540 Bharat Electronics | CMP: Rs 283.65 In the previous session, BEL closed above the previous day’s high and gained more than 5 percent in a single day. Prices reversed from the channel support and completed their journey toward the upper end of the channel. A decisive break above it can confirm that the trend has shifted to the positive side. Additionally, the MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) indicator is about to give a bullish crossover. A follow-up action can confirm the crossover, which can result in a fresh rise in the stock. In summary, BEL showed a sharp rally in the previous session. A break above Rs 285 can confirm a trend reversal, which can lift prices higher towards Rs 300, followed by Rs 315, as long as the Rs 270 level holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 300, Rs 315 Stop-Loss: Rs 270 SJS Enterprises | CMP: Rs 1,149.8 SJS Enterprises showed a sharp rally in the previous session of 11 percent in a single trading day! The stock has formed a rounding bottom pattern. The price has closed above Rs 1,140, confirming the breakout of the said pattern. On the daily chart, the ADX (Average Directional Index) suggests strong momentum can continue in this stock, showing readings of 26.47, which is above 25. After the sharp rally, one should use a buy-on-dips approach to ride the trend. In summary, the current trend for SJS is positive. Use dips towards Rs 1,130-1,140 as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 1,210-1,230, as long as Rs 1,100 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,210, Rs 1,230 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,100 Om Mehra, Technical analyst at Samco Securities Max Healthcare Institute | CMP: Rs 994.5 Max Healthcare Institute has recently broken out from a consolidation range, displaying strength as it trades above its 50-day simple moving average. The daily RSI at 60 indicates that the stock is entering a bullish zone, supported by growing buying momentum. Furthermore, the stock’s breakout above horizontal resistance, accompanied by a noticeable increase in volume, strengthens the bullish outlook. Max Healthcare is also trading above its 100-day moving average, indicating a positive alignment with medium- to long-term trends. Hence, based on the technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,090 Stop-Loss: Rs 945 BSE | CMP: Rs 4,284 After a significant correction, BSE has consolidated and formed a strong base around the Rs 4,200 level. The daily RSI stands at 55, indicating healthy momentum, while the double bottom formation adds further strength to the stock’s recovery potential. Trading above both its 9 and 20-day moving averages suggests a sustained uptrend. Moreover, elevated delivery volumes in the past two sessions highlight increased investor interest and possible accumulation at current levels, strengthening a positive outlook. Hence, based on the technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,850 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,900 Life Insurance Corporation of India | CMP: Rs 934.4 Life Insurance Corporation has formed a strong base around the Rs 900 level. LIC has shown signs of a potential rebound, with the stock recently bouncing off its lower Bollinger Band. The RSI has begun to recover from oversold territory, indicating a shift in sentiment as buying momentum picks up. Additionally, there has been a slight uptick in volume, supporting a short-term rally. Hence, based on the technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,040 Stop-Loss: Rs 885 Riyank Arora, Technical Analyst at Mehta Equities Bharti Airtel | CMP: Rs 1,637 Bharti Airtel has recently touched its immediate support level at Rs 1,630, showing significant lower-level rejection wicks, which signal strong buying interest. With the RSI (14) around 40 and gradually declining, this wick rejection is expected to renew buying momentum, potentially driving the stock towards Rs 1,700 and higher. A strict stop-loss at Rs 1,610 is recommended to effectively manage risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,700 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,610 Aditya Birla Capital | CMP: Rs 204.51 Aditya Birla Capital is trading near a key support level of Rs 199, which has demonstrated resilience in recent sessions. A rebound from this level suggests a possible uptrend as buying interest strengthens. With the RSI (14) around 34 and beginning to trend upward, the stock could advance to Rs 215. Implementing a strict stop-loss at Rs 199 is recommended to mitigate potential downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 215 Stop-Loss: Rs 199 Trent | CMP: Rs 7,410 Trent is exhibiting strong bullish momentum, maintaining support above Rs 7,150, which underscores a positive trend. Recent price action shows increased buyer confidence, while the RSI (14) supports a bullish stance near 45. Provided this momentum continues, the stock is positioned to reach Rs 7,800. A strict stop-loss at Rs 7,150 is suggested to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,800 Stop-Loss: Rs 7,150 Dr Reddy's Laboratories | CMP: Rs 1,274.7 Dr Reddy's Laboratories has broken through a critical support level of Rs 1,297.15, closing below this mark—a signal of potential downside continuation. The technical structure appears bearish, with increasing volumes and an RSI indicating a downtrend. With these factors in play, the stock is expected to target levels around Rs 1,200. A stop-loss at Rs 1,300 is advisable to control risk. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 1,200 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,300. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Block deals: Pidilite Industries' promoters sell 11.1% of their stake [/INST] The full article is as follows: Pidilite Industries' promoter Apurva Narendrakumar Parekh sold 150,000 shares, or 4.8 percent of her total holding, at a price of Rs 3,170.00 per share. Furthermore, another promoter, Purvee Apurva Parekh, sold 50,000 shares, or 6.3 percent of her total holding in the company, at Rs 3,170.00 per share. Meanwhile, Parkem Dyes &amp;amp; Chemicals Pvt Ltd purchased 200,000 shares, or 0.03 percent of Pidilite Industries, at the same price of Rs 3,170.00 per share. Shares of Pidilite Industries closed at Rs 3,108 per share after falling by 1.66 percent. HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co Ltd purchased 1,000,031 shares, or 0.38 percent of PNB Housing, at a price of Rs 900.00 per share. On the same day, Asia Opportunities V (Mauritius) Limited sold an identical quantity of 1,000,031 shares, or 0.38 percent of PNB Housing, at the same price of Rs 900.00 per share. Shares of PNB Housing Finance saw a gain of 2.33 percent on October 29, closing at Rs 922.80 per share. Bulk deals On October 29, Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius Pvt Ltd sold 226,251 shares of Ideaforge Technology Ltd at Rs 555.35 per share. AION Jyoti LLC sold 5,137,879 shares of Jyoti Structures Ltd at Rs 34.72 per share. Ramco Management Private Limited purchased 10,700,000 shares of Ramco Industries Ltd at Rs 232.05 per share. Rajapalayam Mills Ltd also bought 3,391,500 shares of Ramco Industries Ltd at the same price of Rs 232.05 per share. Meanwhile, The Ramco Cements Limited sold 14,091,500 shares of Ramco Industries Ltd at Rs 232.05 per share. Bholaram Agarwal sold 148,514 shares of Sah Polymers Limited at Rs 105.31 per share. Atyant Capital India Fund I acquired 200,000 shares of Sasken Technologies Ltd at Rs 1,664.17 per share, while Vanderbilt University sold 200,000 shares of Sasken Technologies Ltd at Rs 1,663.50 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: In charts: How 'fair' really are Indian stock market valuations? [/INST] The full article is as follows: Despite a year of record highs, benchmarks Nifty and Sensex have hit a rough patch. What's fueling the unease? It’s more than just foreign triggers — analysts are treading carefully, with concerns over high valuations and mixed signals from both domestic and global fronts. A robust 24 percent earnings growth in Nifty 50 stocks from FY21 to FY24, along with a surge in retail investor activity—both through direct equities and SIPs in mutual funds and insurance—has driven the stock to overwhelming heights, leading investors to question inflated valuations. Also read: As Samvat 2081 kicks off, discover the sectors that remain undervalued But how 'fair' really are Indian market valuations? Mid- and small-caps continue to be frothy, and Nifty's price to earnings, or P/E, at 23.5x, is above the historical averages, as the index has risen faster than earnings growth. Ace Equities data shows that the Nifty is trading at a P/E ratio of 24x, which is above the 10-year historical average, while 10-year annualised return is just 12 percent against the over-20 percent returns of the previous market peaks. If earnings fail to catch up, the market could face correction risks in the medium term. Also read: Diwali 2024: Tepid returns, higher volatility expected as multiple concerns loom this Samvat 2081 Furthermore, Bloomberg data suggests that India’s valuation ranks among the highest globally (at 20.7x), yet its dollar returns over the past year lag behind other major markets. Across the board, only US, albeit slightly, has a higher P/E of 22. Kotak Institutional Equities highlights a broad-based slowdown among Indian companies, with results falling short of even modest expectations on net sales, EBITDA, and net profits. Consumer firms posted weak volumes, pointing to subdued demand. IT companies reported lacklustre results, with cautious commentary indicating a gradual recovery. Banks, however, showed moderate year-on-year credit growth with stable NIMs and asset quality. Moreover, valuations in the consumption, investment, and outsourcing sectors are notably high, both on an absolute and relative basis. Moreover, they overlook emerging risks to profitability and volume expectations across these sectors. However, even as the weak sentiment could linger for a while, not all pockets seem to be pricey. For instance, Nifty Auto presents attractive valuation opportunities for investors, currently trading below its historical averages with a one-year forward price-to-earnings (PE) ratio of 27x, compared to its historical average of 35x, data showed. Furthermore, the metal sector is trading at relatively low valuations compared to its historical average, weighed down by global headwinds such as sluggish demand and an influx of low-cost Chinese inventory over the past two years. Currently, the sectoral index trades at a one-year forward PE ratio of 19x, below its historical average of 22x.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Manish Chokhani on the five key risks he sees for the Indian market [/INST] The full article is as follows: According to Enam Holdings' Manish Chokhani, there are five primary risks that he sees going ahead. In a conversation with Moneycontrol, he said the first major risk is debt. &quot;If your debt is 300 percent of GDP and you’re paying even 3% on it, that’s 9%,&quot; he explained. &quot;If you're growing at 4%, your debt is compounding at a rate there’s no way you can service.&quot; Developed nations are also grappling with unfunded pension and healthcare liabilities, and rising defense spending, driven by situations such as aid to Ukraine. “That debt event is imminent,” he warned. The second risk is geopolitical tension, particularly with major global powers competing for dominance. &quot;The US-China fight is a real problem for the world,” he noted and added that two camps have happened. He noted that there have been divisions occurring within countries and pointed to internal fractures in developed nations. &quot;They are fractured societies. What if you have an Arab Spring or a Bangladesh-type situation in one of these countries?&quot; Climate change poses a third significant threat, which he says could impact infrastructure and business operations. &quot;If Bangalore can get flooded and you’re thinking of commuting, and you can’t even work from home, what happens to you?&quot; he asked. Fourth is the transformative disruption from technology, which could reshape critical sectors like IT and pharmaceuticals. &quot;If the world’s going to be AI-enabled in the next four or five years, what does it means for our IT space, our GCC space, what does biotech mean for our entire pharmaceutical space?&quot; he questioned. He added that there is a need for India to act promptly. &quot;What India would look like five years from now, we should be thinking about today and making those investments,&quot; he said. Finally, the fifth risk he noted was the lack of strong global brands. This, he believes remains a barrier to India’s growth on the world stage. “How many Indian brands can you think which travel well globally?” he asked and added that while companies like Tata and Bajaj are recognisable, India lacks the global brand presence seen with Japan, Germany, or China. &quot;If a country rises...the brands and products go global, and we are still far away from that.&quot; On the geopolitical front,Chokhani added there is no real fight between India and China adding that India could supply labour and products to address declining demographics worldwide. But geopolitical barriers hinder this, leading to inflation and a destructive shift from financial assets to hard assets. Despite these global risks, he remains optimistic about India’s position. &quot;India is positioned so well—we're not actually enemies with anyone,&quot; he said adding that he remains very hopeful that capital will find its way here and &quot;we will use it very, very productively&quot;.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Nifty closes above 24,450, Sensex up 364 points; mid-, small-caps shine [/INST] The full article is as follows: In a volatile session, the Indian benchmark indices extended the gains on second straight session on October 29 with Nifty closing above 24,450, led by realty and financial stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 363.99 points or 0.45 percent at 80,369.03, and the Nifty was up 127.60 points or 0.52 percent at 24,466.80. Market opened flat amid mixed global cues, but traded in negative territory in the first half. However, mid-session recovery helped indices to close near the day’s high. Also Read - L&amp;amp;T Q2 Preview: Lower operating profit, margins, muted ordering to dent earnings SBI, Bharat Electronics, SBI Life Insurance, HDFC Life, ICICI Bank were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers included Tata Motors, Dr Reddy's Labs, Maruti Suzuki, Hero MotoCorp and Bajaj Auto. BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rose 0.7 percent each. On the sectoral front, bank, realty, power, capital goods were up 1-2 percent, while pharma, IT and auto down 0.5-1 percent. More than 130 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, AMI Organics, Anup Engineering, CARE Ratings, CarTrade Tech, City Union Bank, Deepak Fertiliers, Gillette India, Indigo Paints, Krsnaa Diagnostics, MCX India, Piramal Pharma, Sharda Crop, SJS Enterprises, Thyrocare Technologies, Wockhardt, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 30 Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened flat today and after the initial bout of volatility it traded with a positive bias to close the day with gains of ~128 points. On the daily charts we can observe that the Nifty has found buying interest from support zone of 78.6% Fibonacci retracement level 24170 and started the next leg of upmove. The upmove is likely to continue towards 24563 - 24823 which are the Fibonacci extension targets. The hourly momentum indicator has triggered a positive crossover and there is a high probability that the countertrend pullback rally which started can continue over the next few trading sessions. Bank Nifty opened gap up and witnessed positive price action during the day to close with gains of ~1061 points. We expect the Bank Nifty to continue with the positive momentum towards 52600 – 52800 from short term perspective. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares Indian bourses have witnessed a complete reversal in today's trade as Nifty50 started the day on a tepid note and weakness in the Mid and Smallcap counters put further pressure on the Index to trade lower. In the 2nd half of the trading session, the turnaround was seen across the board which supported the Index to recover all its losses to end the day at 24,466.85 with gains of 127.70 points. On the sector-wise performance, Banking indices were top gainers followed by Realty whereas Auto and Pharma corrected the most. Mid and Small Caps outperformed the Frontline Index. The Index has formed a bullish candle and is on the verge of giving a breakout from a Falling Wedge formation while the leading indicator RSI has given a positive crossover suggesting a trend reversal. A level of 24,570 will be considered a breakout point while the Index managed to defend yesterday's low of 24,140 which will serve as immediate support.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 29 [/INST] The full article is as follows: On October 29, the Sensex and Nifty bounced back in the latter half of the trading session, finishing higher thanks to gains in financial and construction stocks. In contrast, the auto, IT, and pharma sectors faced selling pressure. At close, the Sensex was up 363.99 points or 0.45 percent at 80,369.03, and the Nifty was up 127.60 points or 0.52 percent at 24,466.80. About 2,171 shares rose, 1,533 fell, and 121 remained unchanged. Kalpataru Projects International | CMP: Rs 1,259 | Shares soared 7 percent, buoyed by the company's strong earnings for the September quarter. Aided by its robust order book, the company's net profit surged close to 40 percent on year to Rs 125.6 crore for the July-September quarter while revenue grew 9.1 percent to Rs 4,930 crore. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 6.9 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 5.3 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. JSW Infrastructure | CMP: Rs 316.05 | Shares soared as much as 10 percent after the company reported an impressive set of earnings for the July-September quarter. The company's net profit surged 46 percent on year to Rs 372 crore in Q2, up from Rs 254.4 crore in the year ago period. Revenue from operations climbed 18 percent to Rs 1,001.4 crore, up from Rs 848.3 crore in Q2 of the previous fiscal. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 67.5 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 53.8 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. Bharat Electronics | CMP: Rs 283.40 | Shares surged 5 percent after the defence and aerospace company's fiscal second-quarter earnings beat Street estimates, driven by better-than-expected margin performance. BEL posted a standalone net profit of Rs 1,091.27 crore in Q2FY25, a 34 percent on-year. Revenue from operations rose 14.8 percent YoY to Rs 4,583.41 crore, led by a strong order book. The company reported an EBITDA of Rs 1,399 crore with a margin of 30.4 percent. Gillette India | CMP: Rs 9,399 | Shares soared over 10 percent after the grooming products maker reported a 43.5 percent rise in net profit to Rs 133.01 crore for the quarter ended September 2024, led by a broad-based growth. The company's revenue from operations increased 17.11 per cent YoY to Rs 781.82 crore. &quot;The growth has been broad-based amidst continuing green shoots in rural markets,&quot; the company said in its statement. Gillette India's total expenses rose 11 percent in the July-September quarter to Rs 611.62 crore. Spandana Sphoorty | CMP: Rs 377.90 | Shares plunged 18 percent after the microfinance (MFI) lender reported a net loss of Rs 204 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net profit of Rs 116 crore in the year-ago period. Nuvama Institutional Equities has cut its target price on Spandana Sphoorty stock by 42 percent to Rs 520 from Rs 900 earlier, citing MFI stress that is likely to continue in in the current quarter with respite likely only in Q4FY25. Suzlon Energy | CMP: Rs 68.90 | Shares fell 3 percent following its earnings results for the quarter ended September. Suzlon Energy reported 96% jump in net profit at Rs 201 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 due to record order wins and robust margins. The renewable energy firm said its revenue rose 48% to Rs 2,093 crore in Q2FY25. The company said its EBITDA rose 31% to Rs 294 crore and order book was at all‐time high 5.1 GW including &quot;India’s largest wind order from NTPC&quot;. But EBITDA margin declined to 14.1 per cent from 15.9 per cent in the same quarter last year. J.Kumar Infraprojects | CMP: Rs 750.55 | Shares rose 4 percent following the company's strong quarterly earnings for Q2FY25. The consolidated net profit increased by 23 percent year-on-year to Rs 90.2 crore, while revenue from operations rose 17 percent to Rs 1,292 crore. The company reported an 18 percent year-on-year increase in EBITDA to Rs 188 crore, with EBIT rising 26 percent to Rs 155 crore. J.Kumar Infra's debt-to-equity ratio remains manageable at 0.28x as of September 30. Ola Electric | CMP: Rs 76.64 | Shares of the recently listed firm fell over 2 percent to slip below their IPO price, for the first time ever since its listing. The stock has declined in three out of the last four trading sessions and in eight out of the last 11 trading sessions. Ami Organics | CMP: Rs 1,810 | Shares of the company zoomed over 12 percent after reporting its September quarter results. The stock witnessed buying interest after the company registered a profit in the second quarter of FY25, compared to a loss in Q2 of FY24. Federal Bank | CMP: Rs 200.80 | The stock jumped over 8 percent after the private lender surged 11 percent on-year to Rs 991 crore. Total income also increased to Rs 7,541 crore in Q2FY25, compared to Rs 6,186 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy V2 Retail; target of Rs 1445: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on V2 Retail V2 Retail’s (V2R’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were a mixed bag, with revenues growing strongly by 64% y-o-y while EBIDTA margins lagged expectation at 8.7% (flat y-o-y) due to lower gross margins and higher employee cost.Same-store-sales-growth (SSSG) stood at 34% in Q2FY2025 (~36% in H1FY25). Strong festive and winter season will drive double-digit SSSG in H2 (Q3 is expected to be stronger).The company targets to open 60 stores in FY2025 (has guided for opening 40 stores in H2FY2025). Net addition of 22 stores was done in H1FY2025. Outlook Stock trades at 20x, 13x and 9x its FY25E, FY26E and FY27E EV/EBIDTA, respectively. We stay Positive on the stock maintaining price target at Rs. 1,445. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Torrent Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 4232: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Torrent Pharmaceuticals Torrent’s revenue reached Rs. 2,889 crore, reflecting a 9% y-o-y increase and a 1% q-o-q rise, driven by growth in key geographies. EBITDA stood at Rs. 939 crore, up 14% y-o-y and 4% q-o-q. Margins reached 33%, up 149 bps y-o-y and 88 bps q-o-q.Insulin revenue during the quarter was affected by a scheduled maintenance shutdown in August. The facility is expected to resume manufacturing in December. The shortfall is anticipated to be largely recovered in the fourth quarter of this year, ensuring that there will be no impact on an annual basis. Outlook A healthy product mix is expected to result in a 50-100 bps increase in margins annually. At the CMP, the stock trades at a valuation of 45x and 36x its FY2026E and FY2027E earnings, respectively, and due to its high-margin profile and healthy product mix, we arrive at a TP of Rs. 4,232. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Transport Corporation of India; target of Rs 1400: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Transport Corporation of India TCI reported marginally higher-than-expected consolidated revenue, led by strong growth in Seaways and sustained growth in SCM and JVs. OPM stayed in-line, while net profit beat estimates.Management has retained its overall topline and bottom-line growth guidance of 10-15% y-o-y for FY2025, while it may end at a higher end of the growth guidance on net profit. The company would be incurring Rs. 300-350 crore capex in FY2025, including for new ship acquisition. Outlook We retain BUY on TCI with an unchanged SOTP-based PT of Rs. 1,400, considering its sustained healthy earnings growth trajectory over the next 2-3 years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Radico Khaitan; target of Rs 2644: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Radico Khaitan Radico Khaitan Limited’s (RKL’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were strong beating estimates on all fronts, with net revenues rising by 21% y-o-y and OPM improving 152 bps y-o-y to 14.6%, leading to 33% y-o-y growth in PAT.Prestige &amp;amp; Above (P&amp;amp;A) brands posted 13% y-o-y volume growth (15th consecutive month of double-digit volume growth). With H2 expected to be good for premium segment, RKL has maintained 15-18% volume growth guidance for the P&amp;amp;A segment in FY2025.Management expects prices of grain, maize and rice to soften in the coming months, while glass bottle prices are likely to remain stable. Company aims for late-teens OPM in three years. Outlook Stock trades at 75x/56x/44x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E earnings, respectively. We retain a Buy on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 2,644. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1500: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on ICICI Bank Core operating profits grew by 12% y-o-y /4% q-o-q (better than estimates) led by better loan growth, strong fee income and contained opex growth. Credit cost stayed lower at 39 bps annualised vs 44 bps q-o-q and 21 bps y-o-y resulting in steady RoA at 2.4%. Bank is reasonably confident of reporting a 40-50 bps credit cost on an overall basis as risk is still within internal estimates despite increase in delinquencies and credit costs in unsecured retail segment in the last 3-4 quarters, resulting in stable asset quality. NIMs declined by 9 bps q-o-q to 4.27% (on expected lines). NIMs are expected to be stable in H2 vs H1 untill rate cut cycle starts. Loans and deposit growth was healthy at ~15% y-o-y/16% y-o-y respectively. Outlook The bank is relatively well-positioned as it continues to outperform peers on most of the parameters exhibiting strong franchise strength and thus current valuation premium to peers is likely to sustain. We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 1,500. Stock trades at 2.6x/2.2x its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dixon Technologies; target of Rs 16800: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Dixon Technologies Overall revenue growth of 133% was led by strong performance in mobiles &amp;amp; EMS (235%), home appliances (22%) and Lightning products (29%) division. Operating profits were higher by 114% to Rs 426 crore, with OPM falling 33 bps. OPM declined on higher contribution from low-margin Mobile &amp;amp; EMS segments. Consolidated Adjusted PAT grew by 78% led by growth in revenues. Expect the mobile &amp;amp; EMS division to sustain high growth momentum for FY2026-27 on the base of strong orders from existing clients, new client onboarding. Lighting remains affected by price erosion and market shrinkage. Outlook We upgrade Dixon Technologies to Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 16,800 factoring in strong revenue/PAT CAGR of 66%/84% over FY24-FY27E. Stock currently trades at 62x/40x its FY206E/FY2027E earnings, respectively. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coromandel International; target of Rs 1917: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Coromandel International Revenues reached Rs. 7,433 crore, rising by 6% y-o-y and by 57% q-o-q, primarily driven by higher volumes of primary sales.Operating profit stood at Rs. 975 crore, down 8% y-o-y but up 93% q-o-q, despite lower subsidy rates and rising raw material prices.The board’s approval for establishing a new Multi-Product Plant aligns with the company’s growth aspirations in the crop protection sector. Outlook We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 1,917, backed by backward integration and foray in the specialty chemical/CDMO business. At CMP, the stock trades at a valuation of 24x/19x to its FY26E/FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 310: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bank of Baroda Earnings significantly above estimates, grew by 23% y-o-y mainly driven by higher recoveries from written off accounts leading to higher RoA at 1.3%. Sustainable RoA trajectory remains at 1-1.1% for the bank.Total provisions were higher than expected led by higher standard asset provisioning and contingent provisions created. Core credit costs stood lower at 65 bps annualised vs 48 bps q-o-q and 93 bps y-o-y. Slippages were lower at 1.2% vs 1.3% q-o-q.NIMs fell by 8 bps q-o-q on expected lines to 3.1%. Loan growth picked up, grew by 12% y-o-y/ 7% q-o-q while deposits grew by 9% y-o-y/ 4% q-o-q. The bank has lowered down its guidance on loan growth marginally for FY25E citing lower deposit accretion although upside risk to guidance persist. Credit-deposit ratio stood at 82% versus 80% q-o-q. Outlook We maintain Buy with an unchanged PT of Rs. 310. At CMP, the stock trades at 1.0x/0.8x its FY25E/26E ABV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Lifespace Developers; target of Rs 644: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Mahindra Lifespace Developers MLDL reported weak residential sales bookings, while collections remained healthy. The IC&amp;amp;IC business leasing remained healthy. Consolidated earnings lagged estimates owing to lower revenue bookings. Launch pipeline remains strong for H2FY2025 to maintain pre-sales growth trajectory. Business development pipeline targeted to cross Rs. 4400 crore achieved in FY2024. It is mulling equity platform having Rs. 2000-3000 crore size and equitable ownership. Focus to stay on mid-premium and premium projects. Outlook We retain a Buy on Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited (MLDL) with a revised PT of Rs. 644, removing NAV premium due to slower-than-anticipated new project additions and higher leverage. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Welspun Living; target of Rs 189: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Welspun Living Welspun Living Limited’s (WLL’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were mixed, with revenue beating estimates and growing by 14.5% y-o-y to Rs. 2,873 crore, while EBITDA margin fell by 182 bps y-o-y to 12.4% and missed the mark. PAT stood flat y-o-y at Rs. 202 crore. Management is positive on demand outlook for the coming quarters and has maintained revenue guidance at 10-15% for FY2025 and for EBITDA margins (including other income) at 15-15.5%. WLL eyes revenue of Rs. 15,000 crore by FY2027. Board has approved phase-2 of capex of Rs. 709 crore to be incurred over FY2026-27 for home textile business to be funded by mix of internal accruals and debt. Net debt likely to reduce to Rs. 0-200 crore by FY2028 from Rs. 1,400-1,500 crore at FY2025-end. Outlook Stock trades at 20x/16x/14x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E earnings, respectively. We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 189. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coal India; target of Rs 560: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Coal India Company reported a Revenue of Rs. 30,673 crore (down 6.4% y-o-y). Volume offtake decreased 3.5%% y-o-y while the blended realizations fell 5.8% y-o-y. Both the segments, FSA and e-auction witnessed a volume and pricing decline. Adj. operating profit of Rs. 7,154 crore was down 19.6% y-o-y. Margins of 23.3% declined 381 bps y-o-y and they were impacted by higher other expenses. Consequently, consolidated PAT of Rs. 6,289 crore was down 22% y-o-y and 23% below of our estimates. CIL has strong growth levers – 1) The strong volume growth outlook and resulting operating leverage and 2) potential hike in FSA coal realizations. The coal volumes are expected to improve at around 8% CAGR for the next few years given the strong outlook for the power sector. Outlook Valuation of 7x/6.7x its FY26/FY27 EPS estimates is attractive, and the stock offers a high dividend yield of ~5-6%. Hence, we maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 560 (cut in estimate and TP because of the soft quarter). Potential stake sale in Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) and subsequent listing would unlock value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy NTPC; target of Rs 460: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on NTPC Q2FY25 standalone PAT was up 19.7% y-o-y to Rs. 4,649 crore with the regulated equity base growing 7.7% y-o-y to Rs. 89,430 crore. Consolidated PAT of Rs. 5,274 crore was up 14% y-o-y.NTPC plans to tender 13.6 GW of thermal capacities in the next 2-3 years apart from under-construction thermal capacities of 11.2 GW. Renewable energy capacity target remains strong at 20 GW by FY27 and 60GW by FY32.We believe that addition of thermal power capacities would drive regulated equity base and provides earnings growth visibility. Moreover, focus on ramping up of Renewable energy portfolio and its impending IPO (by Q3 end) could help unlock value. Outlook We maintain a Buy on NTPC with an unchanged PT of Rs. 460. Valuation of 2.2x/2x FY26E/FY27E P/BV are reasonable given strong long-term growth prospects, and the stock offers a decent dividend yield as well. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sun Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 2264: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Sun Pharmaceuticals Sun Pharmaceutical Industries reported a revenue of ₹13,291 crore for the quarter, reflecting a 9% year-over-year increase and a 5% rise quarter-over-quarter. This figure surpassed our estimates by 2%, despite experiencing price reductions in Taro’s portfolio and in Japan. The EBITDA for this period reached ₹3,939 crore, demonstrating a strong year-over-year growth of 24% and a sequential increase of 9%. This result exceeded our forecasts by 12%, primarily driven by higher sales volumes and lower raw material costs. The company’s margins stood at 30%, an increase of 356 basis points year-over-year and 112 basis points quarter-over-quarter, surpassing our expectations by 264 basis points, largely due to the exceptional performance of its specialty portfolio. Additionally, the PAT was reported at ₹3,031 crore, representing a 26% increase year-over-year and a 6% increase quarter-over-quarter. Outlook Sun’s India business is expected to outperform IPM through volume growth and new product launches followed by sustainable growth in the specialty business. Hence, we maintain a Buy on the stock. The Stock trades at 38x/~33x its FY2026E/FY2027E EPS. Due to higher margins driven by India and the specialty business, we would like to maintain our PT of Rs. 2264. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 380: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bharat Electronics Revenues grew by 14.9% y-o-y to Rs. 4,605 crore with margins expansion of 510 bps y-o-y. Results outperformed expectations on margin front. Higher revenue and margin led to PAT growth of 38% y-o-y to Rs. 1092 crore. Revenue growth guidance is at 15% and OPM at 23-25% for FY2025. Order inflows stood at Rs. 2,600 crore, taking the total order book to Rs. 74595 crore. The strong order book currently stands at 3.6x TTM sales. BEL has guided for order inflows of Rs. 25,000 crore for FY2025 and FY2026, excluding QRSAM orders. Cumulative order inflows for FY2026-FY2027 are expected to be at ~Rs. 75,000 crore (inc QRSAM orders). BEL boasts a promising order inflow pipeline, strong cash balance, and healthy return ratios. A strong Q2 makes us factor in estimates of 16%/16% revenue / PAT CAGR for FY24-27, respectively. Outlook Hence, we retain our Buy rating on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 380. At the CMP, the stock trades at 49x/41x its FY2025/FY2026 earnings estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 1050: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Can Fin Homes Can Fin Homes reported a strong performance in Q2FY2025. Earnings were in line with estimates, mainly led by lower-than-expected credit cost and improvement in NIM. Business momentum remained strong, as disbursements were up 17.9% y-o-y/28.8% q-o-q due to higher sanctions and demand across geographies, barring a couple of states. AUM growth stood at 9.7% y-o-y and 2.9% q-o-q. Asset-quality trends also improved on a sequential basis to 0.88% during the quarter, further likely to improve for FY2025 and FY2026. Credit cost reduced to 15 bps (AUM) in Q2FY2025 from 28 bps in Q1FY2025 and 87 bps in Q2FY2024. Outlook We maintain BUY with an unchanged PT of Rs. 1,050. The stock trades at 2.2x/1.9x/1.6x/1.6x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E ABV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate South Indian Bank; target of Rs 27: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on South Indian Bank South Indian Bank (SIB), is a private sector bank headquartered in Kerala. The bank has 955 branches, with majority of them in South India. Currently, the bank has a loan book size of Rs.84,714cr and a deposit base of Rs.105,451cr. In Q2FY25, the bank reports a 11%YoY growth in interest income to Rs. 2354.7cr, driven by 10.5%YoY growth in interest from loans. Advances increased by 13% YoY during Q2FY25, driven by strong disbursements in personal loan book. Moreover, the corporate and personal loan books reported a 22.2% YoY and 22.9% YoY, growth, respectively. PAT grew by 18.2%YoY, aided by strong growth in fee income and lower provisions. Additionally, NIM stabilized at 3.2% as stress from the cost of deposits was passed on. Asset quality improved, with GNPA/NNPA at 4.4%/1.3%. The Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR) increased to 80.7% compared to 77.8% in Q2FY24. With stress from legacy books decreasing, the focus now shifts to profitability. We expect the bank to deliver ~1% ROA in the medium term. Outlook As a result, we remain optimistic about the company’s long-term growth and reiterate our Accumulate rating. However, since a moderation in advance growth is anticipated, we revise our target price to Rs.27 based on 0.63x FY26E BVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Avenue Supermarts; target of Rs 4471: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Avenue Supermarts Avenue Supermarts Ltd. (DMart) owns &amp;amp; operates India’s most profitable supermarket chain, DMart. It provides products like food, non-food (FMCG), general merchandise &amp;amp; apparel through 377 stores (total 15.8mn sq. ft). Revenue grew by 14%YoY, while gross margin improved by 20bpsYoY to 14.2% due to an improved product mix. Like-for like growth (for stores operational for at least 24months) declined to 5.5% from 8.6% YoY. EBITDA grew by 10%YoY as EBITDA margin declined by 30bps YoY to 7.9% due to higher employee costs and other expenses. General merchandise &amp;amp; apparel category mix which commands a higher margin has improved to 23.45% in H1FY25 vs. 23.21% YoY. The upcoming festive season is expected to support further improvement in the mix. DMart added 12 stores in H1FY25 vs. 12 YoY (41 stores in FY24), which, along with the likely improvement in demand, will aid improvement in topline growth. DMart is gradually improving its E-Com business channel, ‘DMart Ready’, currently available in ~24 cities, which now contributes ~2.7% of total revenue. DMart Ready business grew by 21.8% YoY in H125. Outlook DMart currently trades at 71x 1Yr Fwd PE. We revised our target to Rs.4,471 (earlier Rs. 5,310) by valuing on a DCF basis which implies 64x on Sept 2026 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Federal Bank; target of Rs 225: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Federal Bank Federal Bank reported an 11% y-o-y growth in earnings aided by 18% y-o-y growth in operating profits and a rise in provisions on very low base. The bank managed to report RoA/RoE at ~1.3%/ ~13.7%. Core credit cost stayed lower, within the guided range at 30 bps annualised for the quarter vs 27 bps q-o-q and 13 bps y-o-y. Asset quality remained broadly stable. Net slippages were lower at 0.3% annualised vs 0.5% q-o-q. Core PPoP (ex-treasury gains) grew by 13% y-o-y. NIMs were marginally lower by 4 bps q-o-q at 3.12%. Loan growth was healthy at 19% y-o-y/ 4% q-o-q while deposit growth was at 16% y-o-y/ 1% q-o-q. Bank is confident of a 16-18% loan growth in FY25E and guided for pick up in the deposit growth. New MD &amp;amp; CEO would come out with a detailed strategy in Q3. Focus would be on strengthening core operating performance led by NIMs resulting in improve outlook for return ratios. Outlook The stock trades at 1.3x/1.1x its FY2025E/FY2026E BV estimates. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 225. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sudarshan Chemical Industries; target of Rs 1224: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Sudarshan Chemical Industries Revenues reached Rs. 696 crore, marking a 16% y-o-y increase and a 10% q-o-q rise, with exports growing by 44% y-o-y. EBITDA stood at Rs. 94 crore, up 44% y-o-y and 17% q-o-q, driven by growth in the specialty pigments portfolio. Margins improved to 14%, up 266 bps y-o-y and 86 bps q-o-q, while PAT reached Rs. 30 crore, up 67% y-o-y and 2% q-o-q. Recovery in export demand and ramp-up of new projects would drive growth. We have tweaked our estimates for FY25-26 and introduced FY27. Outlook Hence, we maintain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 1,224, ascribing a multiple of 24x on FY27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Bandhan Bank; target of Rs 200: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Bandhan Bank Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 29,483 Mn, a growth of 20.7% YoY (-1.9% QoQ). The yields on advances improved by 40 bps YoY (-20 bps QoQ) at 13.7%. The Core NIMs stood at 7.4% in Q2FY25, improving by 20 bps YoY. The NII was 2.0% lower than our estimates. Pre-Provision Operating Profits (PPOP) grew by 17.2% YoY (-4.4% QoQ) to INR 18,551 Mn. PPOP was in line with our estimates. The net profit for Q2FY25 stood at INR 9,374 Mn, a growth of 30.0% YoY, primarily led by lower provisions. We adjusted our EPS estimates downwards for FY26E by 2.9%, assuming slightly higher credit costs. We revise our target price to INR 200 per share (earlier INR 217) by assigning a P/ABV multiple of 1.2x (earlier INR 1.3x) to the adjusted book value of INR 166.8 per share for FY26E, implying an upside of 8.2% over the CMP. We have lowered our multiple in light of the challenges facing the MFI industry, which are likely to affect business growth due to the risks associated with the EEB portfolio concerning both growth and asset quality. We maintain our rating at “ACCUMULATE”. Outlook We revise our target price to INR 200 per share (earlier INR 217) by assigning a P/ABV multiple of 1.2x to the adjusted book value of INR 166.8 per share for FY26E, thereby implying an upside of 8.2% over the CMP. Accordingly, we maintain our rating of “ACCUMULATE” on the shares of Bandhan Bank Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ambuja Cement; target of Rs 708 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Ambuja Cement Ambuja Cements (ACEM) delivered relatively strong operating performance in 2QFY25 on the back of higher volumes, higher share of premium products and green power. Cons volumes grew 8.4% YoY aided by clinker volumes from Penna and higher OPC supply in the non-trade segment. NSR declined 1.2% QoQ on fall in cement prices across regions during the quarter. Adjusting for one time other operating revenue of Rs1.4bn, EBITDA/t works out at Rs686, tad lower than PLe of Rs702/t. The management reiterated its focus on improving efficiencies on higher green power mix, captive coal, and logistical synergies. Although few of the grinding units may get delayed by few months, ACEM has enough levers to deliver strong 14% volume CAGR over FY24-27E. ACEM remains upbeat on improving demand from GoI infrastructure &amp;amp; housing projects across regions. Outlook We expect ACEM revenue/ EBITDA/ PAT to deliver CAGR of 13%/22%/19% over FY24-27E. The stock is trading at EV of 13.5x/12.3x FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Buy’ with revised TP of Rs708 (Rs756 earlier) valuing at 17x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sun Pharmaceutical Industries; target of Rs 2100 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates stands marginally increased by ~2%. Sun Pharma (SUNP) Q2FY25 EBIDTA was largely in line with our estimates, aided by higher specialty and gRevlimid sales along with lower R&amp;amp;D spend. Overall specialty sales, GMs continue to remain healthy. Over last few years SUNP dependency on US generics has reduced and company’s growth is more functional on specialty, RoW and domestic pharma business that has strong growth visibility. Though FY25 expenses may remain elevated given company are in investment phase to ramp up specialty pipeline; timely launch of Leqselvi along with progress of other pipelines will be key to SUNP’s specialty pipeline beyond FY25. Outlook We maintain ‘BUY’ rating with revised TP of Rs.2,100 based on 35x Sept’ 26E earnings. SUNP remains our top pick in large cap space. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Praj Industries; target of Rs 804 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Praj Industries We revise our FY25E EPS estimate by -2.6% factoring in higher D&amp;amp;A and interest costs from the new GenX facility and lower execution in Bio Energy. Praj Industries (PRJ) reported mixed quarterly performance with revenue falling 7.5% YoY and EBITDA margin expanding by 271bps YoY to 11.5%. Starchbased ethanol plants continue to gain strong traction in India and international markets such as Brazil, Argentina, Panama, Paraguay and Africa, particularly with maize as feedstock. India’s prospective 25% ethanol blending target will drive additional opportunities. Meanwhile, a strong pipeline continues to build in SAF, ETCA, CBG, services, and HiPurity solutions, with business expected to firm up in H2. Praj’s services business is also generating healthy enquiries in performance enhancers, O&amp;amp;M and biogenic CO2 capture. Going forward, execution pace will be a key monitorable. We remain positive on PRJ in the long run given 1) its leadership in domestic ethanol projects (50-55% market share), 2) healthy export outlook in Engineering driven by ETCA, 3) large pipeline in SAF in the US and domestic CBG, 4) focus on new technologies such as 2G ethanol and biopolymers, and 5) improving margins owing to growing share of exports &amp;amp; services. Outlook The stock is trading at a P/E of 40.8x/29.6x/22.3x on FY25/26/27E earnings. We maintain ‘Buy’ rating with an unchanged TP of Rs804, valuing the stock at a P/E of 34x FY26E (same as earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: J.Kumar Infra shares climb nearly 4% post strong Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of J.Kumar Infraprojects rose 3.5 percent on October 29 following the company's strong quarterly earnings for Q2FY25. The consolidated net profit increased by 23 percent year-on-year to Rs 90.2 crore, while revenue from operations rose 17 percent to Rs 1,292 crore. By 12.40 PM, J.Kumar Infra shares were up over 3 percent, trading at Rs 746. The stock has gained 25 percent year-to-date, outpacing the Nifty 50’s 12 percent rise. Despite this, J.Kumar Infra’s monthly returns have been negative from August through October. The company reported an 18 percent year-on-year increase in EBITDA to Rs 188 crore, with EBIT rising 26 percent to Rs 155 crore. J.Kumar Infra's debt-to-equity ratio remains manageable at 0.28x as of September 30. Follow our live blog for all the market action As of the end of Q2, J.Kumar Infra's total order book stood at Rs 18,721 crore, encompassing metro projects (both elevated and underground), elevated corridors, flyovers, roads, and road tunnels. &quot;We remain committed to strategically expanding and diversifying our project portfolio, leveraging our robust technical capabilities. This focused approach will position us for sustainable growth and long-term success,&quot; said Kamal J. Gupta, Managing Director of J.Kumar Infra. Earlier in October the company had bagged a work order worth Rs 297.8 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 341 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bharat Electronics The company is on track to meet its full-year order intake guidance of Rs250bn, including Rs85bn+ worth of order from programs such as Ashwini Radar, EW suite MI-17, ADFCR-ATULYA and Shakti Phase-4. QRSAM is in advanced stages of finalization and is expected to be awarded in Q1FY26, potentially adding another Rs250bn+ to the order inflow in FY26. Further opportunities are available in Uttam Radars for LCA Mk1A, artillery systems being developed by private players, naval products and Kavach for the Indian Railways. The company has streamlined LRSAM and other big-ticket items, leading to easing up of supply chain disruptions and better execution. Additionally, 85%-88% of the products supplied are indigenized, and further indigenization efforts are expected to drive margin expansion. Outlook We upgrade the rating to ‘Buy’ factoring in the recent sharp correction in stock price with an unchanged TP of Rs341. Bharat Electronics (BEL) reported strong quarterly performance with revenue growth of 14.8% YoY and EBITDA margins expanding by 514bps YoY to 30.3%. Opportunities in defense are expected to sustain for the next 5 years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Voltamp Transformers; target of Rs 14,326 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Voltamp Transformers Voltamp Transformers (VAMP) reported decent quarterly performance with 4.3% YoY revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion of 82bps YoY to 18.9%. Domestic demand landscape remains supportive of growth led by strong public and private capex across industries. Continued emphasis on energy security and energy transition is expected to drive demand for higher capacity power transformers. The company’s capacity expansion plan for power transformers up to 250 MVA is on track and anticipated to be operational by Q1FY27. Opportunity pipeline remains robust with traction across data centers, commercial real estate, oil &amp;amp; gas, and green energy. However, increasing capacity addition is putting pressure on pricing, which will lead to margin normalization going forward. Additionally, supply chain constraints in CRGO steel and a few other critical components along with geopolitical uncertainties, remain critical risks to execution. We remain positive on VAMP considering its 1) strong market position in industrial transformers, 2) healthy demand momentum, 3) debt-free balance sheet, 4) consistent free cash flow generation, and 5) growing high-margin services business. The stock is trading at a P/E of 34.0x/29.4x FY25/26E. We value the stock at a PE of 40x FY26E (same as earlier). Upgrade to ‘Buy’. Outlook We revise our FY25/26E EPS estimates by -2.4%/-4.0% factoring in weaker realization, but upgrade the rating to ‘Buy’ due to the recent sharp correction in stock price with a revised TP of Rs14,325 (Rs14,922 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Federal Bank; target of Rs 220 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Federal Bank FB reported a strong quarter as core PAT beat PLe by 7.3% led by better fees and controlled opex/provisions. While loan growth of 4.3% QoQ was led by retail/SME, reported NIM declined by 4bps QoQ, due to 7bps impact related to reclassification of penal interest to fees. Adjusting for this impact, fees were higher. Credit costs are in control as (1) unsecured proportion is much lower at 4.7% (large peers at 12-20%) and (2) unsecured credit quality is superior. Bank has guided for 18% loan growth in FY25. Considering the deposit environment, CASA growth was healthy at 3.9% QoQ leading to increase in CASA ratio by 80bps QoQ to 30.1%. Outlook Focus is on balance sheet strength since LCR improved QoQ from 112.6% to 115.2% driven by (1) 2.9% QoQ decline in wholesale deposits and (2) increase in CASA ratio. Keeping multiple at 1.4x we increase TP from Rs210 to Rs220 as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV. Retain ‘BUY’ For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate CreditAccess Grameen; target of Rs 1011: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on CreditAccess Grameen Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 increased by 20.8% YoY (-2.1% QoQ) to INR 9,324 Mn. The Pre-Provisioning Operating Profits (PPOP) grew by 19.5% YoY (-5.2% QoQ) to INR 6,721 Mn in Q2FY25, led by growth in NII. The NBFC registered a net profit of INR 1,861 Mn in Q2FY25, representing a de-growth of 46.4% YoY (-53.2% QoQ). The operating growth was offset by higher provisions during the quarter, at INR 4,201 Mn as against INR 959 Mn in Q2FY24. There was a temporary increase in delinquencies across various geographies due to multiple factors. The NBFC expects these challenges to stabilize in Q3FY25E and business sentiment to improve in Q4FY25E. Outlook We have revised our P/ABV multiple downward to 1.75x from 2.6x to account for the deceleration in business momentum due industry headwinds and increase in credit costs. We, accordingly, revise our target price downwards to INR 1,011/share (earlier INR 1,630) and our rating to “ACCUMULATE” from “BUY” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Correction is possible if balance between demand and supply tilts, says Manish Chokhani of Enam Holdings [/INST] The full article is as follows: If the balance between demand and supply in Indian equity market tilts, a correction is possible, said Manish Chokhani, director of Enam Holdings, in a conversation with Moneycontrol. Recently, demand and supply have drawn close, Chokhani said, with robust demand driven by domestic investors while foreign investors have largely been sellers. Supply is mostly created by stake sales from both foreign and domestic promoters, including divestments by Tata Sons and Vedanta in India, and similar moves from major firms in the UK, Japan, and Singapore, Chokhani added. Recently, South Korea's Hyundai Motor Company sold 17.5 percent stake in its India unit through an initial public offering (IPO) in October. Also, Japan's Sumitomo Wiring Systems, promoter in Samvardhana Motherson International, sold 4.4 percent stake in the company in March. Chokhani highlighted that while promoters and private equity firms have offloaded around $15 billion in shares, this capital isn't necessarily fueling new productive capacity. “That money might return to the stock market, but it’s not contributing to fresh capital creation,” he said. Capital expenditure, however, is still underway, though it has shifted focus—from traditional investments like steel mills to modern infrastructure such as data centers, power plants, and semiconductors. Chokhani cautioned that if a correction does occur, it would likely be triggered by external factors rather than domestic market dynamics. The director said that this decade will be the era of emerging markets and hard assets like gold and silver.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cholamandalam Investment and Finance; target of Rs 1601: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Driven by robust, 32% y/y, NII growth, Cholamandalam Investment &amp;amp; Finance’s Q2 net profit rose 25% y/y to Rs9.6bn. With its more profitable new businesses and strong collections architecture, we maintain our Buy recommendation despite premium valuations. On the slightly lower credit growth assumption, we trim estimates. Outlook At our revised Rs1,601 TP, the stock would trade at 4.4x FY26e BV (earlier 4.6x FY26e BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kalpataru Projects soars 6% on solid Q2 earnings show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Kalpataru Projects International soared as much as 6 percent on October 29, buoyed by the company's strong earnings for the September quarter. Aided by its robust order book, the company's net profit surged close to 40 percent on year to Rs 125.6 crore for the July-September quarter, up from Rs 90 crore in the year ago period. At 12.08 pm, shares of Kalpataru Projects were trading at Rs 1,233.60 on the NSE. The strong quarterly show also triggered heavy trading volumes in the counter. As much as seven lakh shares already changed hands so far, more than double the one month daily traded average of three lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Revenue from operations grew 9.1 percent to Rs 4,930 crore, up from Rs 4,518.4 crore in Q2 of the previous fiscal, driven by strong execution and a healthy order backlog. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 6.9 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 5.3 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. As of the end of the September quarter, Kalpataru's consolidated order book expanded 29 percent year-on-year to Rs 60,631 crore, driven by strong order inflows, particularly in the transmission &amp;amp; distribution (T&amp;amp;D) and buildings &amp;amp; factories (B&amp;amp;F) segments, indicating robust demand and growth opportunities in its core sectors. The company also signed binding agreements to sell Vindyachal Expressway for an enterprise value of Rs 775 crore, with the transaction expected to close in FY26, pending regulatory approvals and closing adjustments. &quot;We have delivered solid performance this quarter, with consolidated revenue growth of 9 percent to Rs 4,930 crore, PBT growth of 42 percent year-on-year to Rs 188 crore, and PAT growth of 40 percent year-on-year to Rs 126 crore. Notably, this growth is supported by our strong order book position of Rs 60,631 crore and year-to-date order inflows of approximately Rs 19,000 crore, including over Rs 7,000 crore in L1 status,&quot; Manish Mohnot, MD and CEO of the company said in an exchange filing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Bharat Petroleum Corporation; target of Rs 316 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bharat Petroleum Corporation We upgrade the rating from ‘Sell’ to ‘Hold’ with a TP of Rs316 post correction in stock price. Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) reported lower-thanexpected Q2FY25 results with EBITDA of Rs45.5bn (down 19.5% QoQ, PLe: Rs61.7bn, BBGe: Rs62.2bn). PAT came in at Rs24bn (down 20.5% QoQ, PLe: Rs32.6bn, BBGe: Rs38.3bn). GRM stood at US$4.4/bbl. GMM as per our calculation came in at Rs5.8/ltr. Although average Singapore GRM is ~US$3/bbl in Q3-TD, we expect it to bounce back to the long-term average of US$5-7/bbl and build in a GRM of US$4.7/6/6/bbl for FY25/26/27E. On the marketing front, we estimate a GMM of Rs7.1/4.1/4.1/ltr for FY25/26/27E. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 1.5/1.4x of FY26/27 P/BV. We upgrade the multiple to 1.4x avg FY26-27 P/BV on rising GRM and moderate GMM. Upgrade to ‘Hold’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Jubilant Ingrevia; target of Rs 695 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Jubilant Ingrevia We value the company using SOTP and retain “Hold” rating on the stock valuing it on FY26/27 due to the recent correction in stock price. JUBLINGR completed ~Rs13bn of capex during FY22-24 and is expected to complete another ~Rs7bn within coming months. At 1.3x asset turnover, this could generate a peak incremental revenue of Rs26bn. We forecast a revenue of Rs57bn in FY28E and an EBITDA of Rs7.9bn, implying a blended EBITDAM of 14%. The company recently won a USD300mn multi-year contract for agrochemical intermediates. A detailed look at contract manufacturers, especially in the specialty chemicals segment, suggests that there is very little bargaining power of the suppliers since the buyers are consolidated. Outlook Although the recent order win by JUBLINGR could boost revenues for the company, we remain apprehensive of the ROCE that these projects may generate. The stock is trading at 42x FY26E EPS and 21x FY26 EV/EBITDA. Retain “Hold” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Indian Oil Corporation; target of Rs 156 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Indian Oil Corporation Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL) reported a weak Q2 with EBITDA of Rs37.7bn (down 56.3% QoQ, PLe: Rs85.5bn, BBGe: Rs94bn). Reported PAT came in at Rs1.8bn (down 93.2% QoQ, PLe: Rs30.4bn, BBGe: Rs31.4bn). There was an exceptional gain of Rs11.6bn for VAT Input Tax Credit. Adj loss stood at Rs9.8bn. Sequential decline in earnings was majorly due to lower GRMs. Capacity utilization stood at 94.5%. Reported GRM came in at US$1.6/bbl, while gross marketing margin stood at Rs5.8/ltr in Q2. The stock is currently trading at 1/1x FY25/26 P/BV. Although average Singapore GRM is ~US$3/bbl, we expect it to rebound to the long term average of US$5-7/bbl and build in a GRM of US$4.7/6/6/bbl for FY25/26/27E. Outlook On the marketing front, we build in a gross marketing margin of Rs 6/4.2/4.2/ltr for FY25/26/27E. We re-rate the stock from ‘Reduce’ to ‘Hold’ post correction in stock price with a TP of Rs156 based on 1x avg FY26-27E P/BV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate BHEL; target of Rs 260 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on BHEL BHEL reported strong revenue growth of 28.5% YoY with EBITDA margin turning positive to 4.2% in Q2FY25. During the quarter, the company continued to benefit from the robust opportunity in thermal power in India, booking orders worth up to Rs300bn across 7.2GW of projects. With the government aiming to tender out all 80GW of the planned capacity addition by FY28, the pipeline remains healthy with ~30GW still up for bidding. BHEL’s non-power business also continues to do well, securing orders worth Rs17bn in Q2FY25 for supply of equipment to various industrial customers across cement, steel, railways, and T&amp;amp;D. We believe 1) large thermal power order pipeline, 2) diversification into railways, defence, green hydrogen, coal gasification, etc., and 3) growing spares &amp;amp; services business augurs well for BHEL in the long-term. Execution pace and operational efficiency will be key monitorables. The stock is trading at a P/E of 65.8x/22.1x/16.3x on FY25/26/27E earnings. We value the stock at a P/E of 25x FY26E (same as earlier). Upgrade to ‘Accumulate’. Outlook We revise our FY26E EPS estimate by -1.5% factoring in lower other income, but upgrade the rating to ‘Accumulate’ from Reduce given the recent sharp correction in stock price, with a revised TP of Rs260 (Rs264 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Syrma SGS Technology; target of Rs 550: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Syrma SGS Technology Syrma SGS Technology (SYRMA) reported a strong operating performance in 2QFY25, with EBITDA margins expanding 160bp YoY due to operating leverage and a favorable business mix (lower share of low-margin consumer business at 33% in 2QFY25 vs. 35% in 2QFY24 and higher share from exports). However, revenue growth tapered down to 17% YoY due to the company’s focus on improving the business mix. With a healthy order book at hand (INR48b as of 2QFY25; up 26%/7% YoY/QoQ) and expansion of margins, we expect SYRMA to witness a stronger 2HFY25. Factoring in the better-than-expected operating performance of 2Q, we have increased our EPS estimate for FY25 by 6% while largely maintaining our FY26E EPS. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR550 (30x Sep’26E EPS). Outlook We estimate a CAGR of 35%/44%/53% in revenue/EBITDA/adj. PAT over FY24-27, driven by strong revenue growth and margin expansion. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR550 (30x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy JSW Infrastructure; target of Rs 350: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on JSW Infrastructure JSW Infrastructure (JSWINFRA) posted 18% YoY revenue growth to INR10b (in line) in 2QFY25. Cargo volumes rose 16% YoY to 27.5MMT, of which third-party cargo grew 48% YoY to 12.7MMT (46% of the total cargo in 2Q was from third parties). EBITDA margin dipped ~130bp YoY/~100bp QoQ to 52.0% (vs. our estimate of 53.7%). EBITDA grew ~15% YoY to INR5.2b (7% below estimate). APAT grew ~5% YoY to INR2.6b (our estimates of INR3.2b). Higher tax outgo hurt profitability. The cash &amp;amp; bank balance stood at INR29b at the end of 2QFY25. The company generated a CFO of INR6.8b during 1HFY25. During 1HFY25, revenue was INR20.1b (+16% YoY), EBITDA was INR10.4b (+15% YoY), and APAT was INR5.6b (+11% YoY). In 2HFY25, we expect revenue/EBITDA/APAT to grow 11%/14%/3% YoY. Outlook This should drive a 21% CAGR in revenue and a 23% CAGR in EBITDA over the same period. We reiterate our BUY rating with a revised TP of INR 350 (premised on 22x Sep’26 EV/EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Indian Bank; target of Rs 650: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Indian Bank Indian Bank (INBK) reported 2QFY25 PAT of INR27.06b (36% YoY, 6% beat), driven by lower provisions and higher other income. NII grew 7.9% YoY (in line) to INR61.9b. Domestic NIM moderated 4bp QoQ to 3.49%. Net advances grew 13.2% YoY/2.3% QoQ, while deposits grew 8.2% YoY/1.8% QoQ. Consequently, the C/D ratio increased 43bp QoQ to 76.9%. The CASA ratio stood at 38.9%. Fresh slippages declined to INR13.8b vs. INR19.6b in 1QFY25. GNPA/NNPA ratios improved by 29bp/12bp QoQ to 3.48%/0.27%. PCR rose to 92.5%. We fine tune our earnings estimates and expect the bank to deliver RoA/RoE of 1.2%/17.3%. Reiterate BUY with a revised TP of INR650 (1.2x FY26E ABV). Outlook We fine tune our earnings estimates and expect the bank to deliver RoA/RoE of 1.2%/17.3%. Reiterate BUY with a revised TP of INR650 (premised on 1.2x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Castrol India; target of Rs 275: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Castrol India Castrol’s (CSTRL) revenue grew 9% YoY to INR13b in 3QCY24, driven by 8% YoY volume growth. EBITDA margin stood at 22.2%. Management highlighted that it remains focused on brand building, widening the distribution network, and launching new products, all of which we believe will contribute to volume growth and market share expansion. Management maintains a bullish outlook on India as a market and expects robust demand for lubricants to remain stable until late CY30s and early CY40s, largely attributed to the low penetration of cars in the country. While the threat from EVs is real, EV adoption is expected to be gradual. CSTRL maintained its guidance of growing higher than the industry’s average growth rate of 4-5% while aiming for 22-25% EBITDA margin for CY24. We estimate 22%/23%/24% EBITDA margin in CY24/CY25/CY26. Management guided INR1b annual capex, which is expected to rise to INR1.2-1.25b in a couple of years (INR600-650m capex incurred during 9mCY24). CSTRL has always enjoyed a strong brand legacy, and we are confident in its ability to maintain profitability through an improved product mix, stringent cost-control measures, and the launch of advanced products that command better realization. We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR275. Outlook We also reduce our valuation multiple to 26x (average: 22.8x and mean + 1 S.D.: 30.6x) and arrive at our TP to INR275. We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bharat Electronics; target of Rs 360: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Bharat Electronics Bharat Electronics (BHE)’s 2QFY25 results came ahead of our estimates, driven by better-than-expected margin performance. Revenue growth was led by a strong order book, which stood at INR746b. Order inflows stood at INR74b during 1HFY25. We expect defense ordering to start ramping up in the coming quarters. We expect BHE to remain a key beneficiary of the same, with key focus areas being from naval, EW systems, artillery systems, platform orders, Kavach, exports, et al. We expect BHE’s revenue to grow at 19% CAGR over FY24-27, driven by improved market share on account of enhanced wallet share and improved indigenized offerings. We maintain our estimates and continue to value the company at 35x two-year forward earnings. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR360. Outlook BHE is currently trading at 33.1x/27.4x on FY26E/FY27E EPS. We maintain our estimates and continue to value the company at 35x two-year forward earnings. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR360. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ambuja Cements; target of Rs 710: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Ambuja Cements Ambuja Cements (ACEM)’s 2QFY25 earnings beat estimates, led by higher volumes (4% above estimates) and higher incentive incomes. Consol. EBITDA declined 15% YoY to INR11.1b (38% beat; however, EBITDA adjusted for incentive income of INR1.4b was ~21% above our estimates). EBITDA/t stood at INR780 (v/s est. INR584; EBITDA/t at INR684 adjusted for higher incentives). Adj. PAT declined 33% YoY to INR5.3b (est. INR3.7b). ACEM’s consolidated grinding capacity will increase to ~97mtpa (v/s 89mtpa at present) after completion of acquisition of Orient Cement. Further, ongoing brownfield expansions of 4.0mtpa/6.4mtpa of clinker/grinding in the east region are expected to be completed by FY25-end. ACEM’s aims to increase its market share from ~15% currently to ~20% by FY28E. Outlook We reduce FY26/27E EBITDA by 4% each on lower cement price assumptions and EPS estimates are getting cut by 11%/8% for FY26/27 (5% for FY25 on higher depreciation). ACEM trades at 18x/14x FY26E/FY27E EV/EBITDA (consolidated). We maintain our BUY rating with a TP of INR710, based on 20x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ajanta Pharma; target of Rs 3470: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Ajanta Pharma Ajanta Pharma (AJP) delivered in-line performance in 2QFY25. Asia/Africa (47% of sales) grew strongly at 32% YoY in 2QFY25 due to superior execution and partly on the low base of the past year. AJP outperformed the Domestic Formulation (DF) industry by 150-200bp in 2QFY25. US generics sales were stable YoY due to reduced pace of approvals. We largely maintain our estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27. We value AJP at 35x 12M forward earnings to arrive at a TP of INR3,470. AJP is not only adding MRs to existing therapies in the DF market but also exploring new therapies to add as a growth driver in the DF segment. With additional launches, US sales are expected to pick up over the medium term. Product introduction and steady traction in existing products are expected to drive 16%/15%/12% sales CAGR in DF/Africa branded/Asia branded segment over FY25-27. Overall, we expect 13%/16%/17% CAGR in Revenue/EBITDA/PAT over FY25-27. Reiterate BUY. Outlook We largely maintain our estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27. We value AJP at 35x 12M forward earnings to arrive at a TP of INR3,470. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: JSW Infra stock zooms 10% after Q2 net profit jumps 46% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of JSW Infrastructure soared as much as 10 percent on October 29 after the company reported an impressive set of earnings for the July-September quarter. The company's net profit surged 46 percent on year to Rs 372 crore in Q2, up from Rs 254.4 crore in the year ago period. At 11.06 am, shares of JSW Infrastructure were trading at Rs 311.75 on the NSE. The strong quarterly show also triggered heavy trading volumes in the counter. As much as 88 lakh shares already changed hands so far, higher than the one month daily traded average of 23 lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Revenue from operations climbed 18 percent to Rs 1,001.4 crore, up from Rs 848.3 crore in Q2 of the previous fiscal. Operational performance also significantly improved as EBITDA margin swelled up to 67.5 percent in the quarter gone by, as against 53.8 percent in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. In this quarter, JSW Infrastructure managed cargo volumes of 27.5 million tonnes (MT), marking a 16 percent increase over last year. This growth was fueled by higher capacity utilisation at the coal terminals in Mangalore, Paradip, and Ennore, along with contributions from recent acquisitions, including PNP and a liquid storage terminal in the UAE. Meanwhile, third-party volume recorded even stronger growth, rising 48 percent year-on-year, with third-party cargo accounting for 46 percent of total volumes, up from 36 percent a year ago. In addition, JSW Infrastructure also expects to close FY25 with 10 percent volume growth, slightly narrowing its earlier guidance of 10-12 percent. With its robust balance sheet, JSW Infrastructure also plans to drive both organic and inorganic growth, enhance its market presence, and expand its capacity to 400 MMT by 2030, up from the current 170 MMT. Brokerage firm MOFSL believes that on the back of stable growth drivers at JSW Infrastructure’s existing ports and terminals, an increased share of third-party customers, steady cargo volumes from JSW Group companies, and a growing portfolio, the company is positioned to solidify its market dominance. This according to MOFSL, is expected to yield a 14 percent volume CAGR over FY24-27, driving a 21 percent CAGR in revenue and a 23 percent CAGR in EBITDA for the period. Banked on this, MOFSL also reiterated its 'buy' rating on JSW Infra with a target price of Rs 350. Nuvama Institutional Equities also feels that JSW Infrastructure is set for strong long-term growth, driven by favorable macro tailwinds, including a projected 4x capacity increase over the next 25 years. &quot;This growth will be supported by organic expansion—primarily through group cargo growth from JSW Steel—and inorganic growth in the ports and logistics sectors,&quot; Nuvama wrote in a note. Accordingly, the brokerage also retained its 'buy' call on the stock with a price target of Rs 390.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Bandhan Bank; target of Rs 175: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bandhan Bank Bandhan Bank reported a 6% PAT beat at Rs9.4bn and RoA of 2.1%, mainly led by higher other income and lower than expected provisions – better than some peers that posted sharp earning downgrades. The bank has logged a healthy AUM growth of 22% YoY/4% QoQ, supported by growth in its secured loan portfolio (~47% of loans). Deposits too grew swiftly, by 27% YoY/7% QoQ, leading to contraction in LDR by 282bps to 88%, which in turn led to a fall of 20bps in NIMs to 7.4%. Overall gross slippages remained elevated at Rs11bn/4.4% of loans, while absence of write-offs led to a 45bps QoQ uptick in GNPA to 4.7%. Management expects slippages to stay elevated in Q3, before cooling down in Q4. The bank shall soon apply for the ECLGS claim of Rs3.5bn, apart from balance CGFMU dues of Rs3.1bn. Outlook Further, ex-SBI DMD Partha Sengupta was appointed as the new MD &amp;amp; CEO wef 1-Nov-24 for three years, in line with the trend of PSB bankers joining troubled private banks. We retain REDUCE on Bandhan and TP of Rs175 (1x Sep-26E ABV) amid rising MFI stress. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Poonawalla Fincorp; target of Rs 240: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Poonawalla Fincorp Poonawalla Fincorp reported disappointing Q2 numbers with the credit cost of Rs9.1bn (including Rs6.7bn one-time provisioning on the STPL book) leading to the company posting a Rs4.7bn loss. The management provided comfort by stating that review of the entire portfolio is complete and there should not be any need for additional provision. The company unveiled 6 new products and its omnichannel phygital distribution that shall help it deliver 5-6x AUM growth in the next 6 years. With the Poonawalla name, strong capital adequacy, AAA rating at his disposal, and past baggage likely cleaned up, the new CEO, Arvind, is trying to build the franchise by hiring competent top and middle management, expanding product and distribution, and tightening the risk management. However, this strategy should moderate profitability over the medium term on account of higher opex, and the execution of this ambitious plan amid tightening regulatory environment and heightened competition will be a daunting task. Outlook We reiterate our REDUCE rating on the stock with revised Sep-25E TP of Rs240 (vs Rs400 earlier), implying FY26E P/BV of 2x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 325: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bank of Baroda Bank of Baroda (BoB) reported strong PAT beat at Rs52bn/RoA of 1.3%, mainly due to higher other income (led by treasury gains and recovery in TWO accounts), and partly offset by higher provisions (including contingent provisions). After realigning the book in Q1, BoB reported healthy broad-based credit growth at 12% YoY/7% QoQ. However, NIM shrunk by 8bps QoQ to 3.1% due to lower yields. Headline GNPAs declined by 38bps QoQ to 2.5% in absence of lumpy NPAs, similar to a few peers. Management indicated that 1/3rd of aviation exposure against guarantee has been recovered and the rest is under legal process. The management has revised its guidance for FY25 with credit growth of ~11-13% and deposit growth of 9-11%, while NIMs likely to remain range-bound at 3.15% +/-5bps. We largely retain our earnings estimates and expect the bank to deliver healthy RoA of 1.1-1.2%/RoE of 15-16%. Outlook We retain BUY on BoB with an unchanged TP of Rs325 rolling forward on 1.1x SA Sep-26E ABV and subs value at Rs15/sh. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finserv; target of Rs 2050: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Finserv BJFIN reported a satisfactory performance in Q2FY25 with reasonable performances posted by its established operating subsidiaries (BAF, BAGIC, and BALIC) amid the difficult and changing external environment. The emerging ventures (Finserv Health, Finserv Direct and AMC) continued to make good progress toward their journey to sustainable and profitable growth. Rising credit cost dented BAF’s Q2 results and the guidance of increased credit cost for FY25 (2.05%) led to a cut in our earnings estimates. BAGIC delivered reasonable performance with the combined ratio of 101.5% coming better than peers, and BALIC reported a solid 40% APE growth; however, VNB margin dropped 3.8ppts YoY to 10.8% owing to higher ULIP. Outlook To reflect the Q2 developments, the management commentary and the external developments, we have tweaked our FY25-27 estimates leading to a ~1-2% cut in FY25-27E EPS. We reiterate our BUY rating with revised Sep-25E TP of Rs2,050 (from Rs2,150 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Spandana Sphoorty shares nosedive 17% as brokerages downgrade MFI stock on Q2 net loss [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Spandana Sphoorty Ltd fell as much as 17 percent on October 29 after the microfinance (MFI) lender reported a net loss of Rs 204 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net profit of Rs 116 crore in the year-ago period. Nuvama Institutional Equities has cut its target price on Spandana Sphoorty stock by 42 percent to Rs 520 from Rs 900 earlier, citing MFI stress that is likely to continue in in the current quarter with respite likely only in Q4FY25. Given two consecutive stressed quarters and low visibility, the brokerage downgraded Spandana Sphoorty stock to ‘hold’ from ‘buy’ earlier. With the ongoing MFI stress, a sharp rise was observed in GS2 and GS3 loans for Spandana in Q2FY25. GS2 loans rose sharply to 6.2 percent, while GS3 rose to 4.9 percent. The deterioration in asset quality can be attributed to borrowers taking more loans including non-MFI loans after taking disbursement from Spandana, high attrition and declining attendance in centre meetings, Nuvama said. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action JM Financial also downgraded the stock to 'Hold', with a revised target price of Rs 500, valuing at 0.9 time FY26E book value per share. While the brokerage believes the additional steps taken by the company to control its credit costs would be beneficial over the medium term, it remains vigilant on the asset quality of the existing book. Spandana's gross NPA during the July-Sep quarter stood at 4.86 percent, compared to 2.6 percent, while Net NPA stood at 0.99 percent from 0.52 percent in June. Provisions during the quarter increased by 468 percent on-year to Rs 491.8 crore. Brokerage firm Motilal Oswal has maintained its 'buy' recommendation on Spandana Sphoorty with a revised price target of Rs 540, down from Rs 580 earlier. At 10:44 am, Spandana Sphoorty shares were trading over 16 percent lower at Rs 384.90 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has tanked around 65 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has fallen 57 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Poonawalla Fincorp; target of Rs 371: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Poonawalla Fincorp Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 increased by 17.8% YoY (-2.9% QoQ) to INR 5,592 Mn. Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) stood at INR 2,792 Mn, a sharp decline of 16.8% YoY (-35.4% QoQ) in Q2FY25, which includes a one-time opex of INR 710 Mn. Net loss for Q2FY25 was reported at INR 4,710 Mn compared to net profit of INR 2,916 Mn in Q1FY25 (vs INR 12,589 Mn in Q2FY24). The loss was due to higher provisions of INR 9,096 Mn (vs INR 425 Mn in Q1FY25). Key Monitorable in coming quarters: a) Asset quality trends in the STPL portfolio; b) Execution of new business initiatives and the pace of disbursement growth; and c) Effectiveness of cost optimization measures and operating leverage benefits. Outlook We assign a P/ABV multiple of 3.2x (earlier 3.3x) to FY26E ABVPS of INR 116.1 per share and revise our target price to INR 371/share (Previous target: INR 455). This implies a potential upside of 16.1% and accordingly, we have retained our “BUY” rating for Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Godrej Consumer Products; target of Rs 1452: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Godrej Consumer Products For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 1.8% YoY (+10.0% QoQ) to INR 36,663 Mn, missed our estimate by 3.3%. EBITDA increased 5.3% YoY (+4.9% QoQ) to INR 7,617 Mn, in line with our estimate 0.1%. Adj. Net profit increased by 7.4% YoY (+5.6% QoQ) to INR 4,991 Mn, outperformed our estimate, mainly due to lower-than-expected interest expenses and depreciation. GCPL declared an interim dividend at INR 5.0/share for FY24-FY25. We lower our FY25E/FY26E estimates of Adj. EPS by 5.6%/5.7%, respectively, as we expect in 2HFY25E, domestic business profitability is to remain subdued due to a high base effect, inflationary pressures in palm oil, and delayed impact from price hikes in the soaps segment. Outlook We maintain our P/E multiple of 55.0x on FY26E EPS of INR 26.4 (earlier: INR 28.2), resulting in a target price of INR 1,452/share (earlier: INR 1,541). Given a 11.9% upside potential from the CMP, we maintain our “ACCUMULATE” rating on Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem; target of Rs 809: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem’s revenue and profitability missed our estimates significantly due to muted demand across business segments, lower price realization, and an increase in fixed costs. We believe short term pain will persist as Q3FY25E is expected to have similar performance; However, mid-term may improve gradually with a pick-up in global demand and commercialization of new products. We have revised our estimates on the lower side due to slowdown in recovery, logistical challenges, and Chinese competition affecting the company’s MNC customers. Outlook We reduce the P/E multiple to 26.0x (previously: 28.0x) on FY26E EPS of INR 31.1 (previously: INR 36.5) to arrive at a target price of INR 809/share (previously: INR 1,021/share), For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Birla Corporation; target of Rs 1689: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Birla Corporation Weak demand because of the prolonged monsoon, less government infra funding and keen competition hurt Birla Corp’s Q2. Its FY25 volume guidance was lowered to 3-4% as demand at its core regions would be curbed by Mahakumbh (Central) and elections (Maharashtra) where EBITDA/tonne has been guided to rise Rs150-170 in H2 FY25. The greater share of premium cement and the focus on cost rationalisation are positives. Outlook We retain our Buy rating, at a lower 12-mth TP of Rs1,689 (earlier Rs1,894). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gillette India stock zooms 10 percent as investors cheer robust Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Gillette India soared up to 10 percent on October 29 after the grooming products maker reported a 43.5 percent rise in net profit to Rs 133.01 crore for the quarter ended September 2024, led by a broad-based growth. The company's revenue from operations increased 17.11 per cent YoY to Rs 781.82 crore. &quot;The growth has been broad-based amidst continuing green shoots in rural markets,&quot; the company said in its statement. Gillette India's total expenses rose 11 percent in the July-September quarter to Rs 611.62 crore. According to the exchange filing, the company's revenue from the grooming segment grew 23.02 percent YoY to Rs 648.9 crore during the quarter under review. However, oral care revenue fell 5.11 percent YoY to Rs 132.92 crore in the reporting quarter. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Meanwhile, in a separate filing, Gillette India informed its Director &amp;amp; CFO Gautam Kamath has tendered his resignation as he moves for global role as Vice President Corporate Strategy in the P&amp;amp;G Global Headquarters. The company has appointed Srividya Srinivasan as CFO of the Company and Additional (Executive) Director effective from November 1. At 10:07 am, Gillette India shares were trading over 9 percent higher at Rs 9,290 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 43 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 48 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Zomato; target of Rs 284: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Zomato In Q2FY25, revenue surged 68.5% YoY to reach Rs 4,799cr, driven by strong performance in key segments. The India food ordering and delivery segment witnessed a 30.1% YoY increase in revenue to Rs 2,012cr, whereas Hyperpure and quick-commerce businesses saw an increase of 97.7% and 128.9% YoY, respectively. EBITDA stood at Rs 226cr, largely driven by platform fees and higher ad revenue, and might only witness a stable rise in the near term. The EBITDA margin increased to 4.7% from 1.7% in Q2FY24, primarily driven by revenue increases, partly offset by elevated operating expenses, which included wage increases and expenditures associated with the expansion of BlinkIt. The expansion of the food delivery sector is likely to be driven by an increase in user acquisition and order frequency, while the average order value (AOV) is expected to experience modest annual growth in low single digits amid a challenging demand situation in the quick service restaurant (QSR) industry. Outlook Hence, we reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a revised target price of Rs 284 based on 8.5x FY26E price/ sales. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ramco Industries jumps over 6% as 14 million shares exchange hands in two block deals [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Ramco Industries surged over 6 percent to Rs 247 per share on October 29 after 14.1 million shares, representing 16.2 percent of the company’s equity, changed hands in two large block deals, according to Bloomberg data. In an exchange filing, Ramco Cements disclosed that its board approved the disinvestment of 1.4 crore shares (approximately 14 million shares) of Ramco Industries to Rajapalayam Mills and Ramco Management—all of whom, including Ramco Cements, serve as promoters of Ramco Industries. “The transaction will be conducted as an inter-se promoter transfer between the company, Ramco Management, and Rajapalayam Mills. Post-completion, there will be no change in the management or control of the company,&quot; the company clarified, emphasising that this stake realignment will not affect operations. ALSO READ: Accumulate The Ramco Cements; target of Rs 866: KR Choksey Ramco Industries is a leading manufacturer of building materials, including fibre-cement sheets, calcium silicate boards, and other durable construction products. The company also operates in the textile-yarn segment, contributing to its diversified portfolio. So far this year, shares of Ramco Industries have surged 10 percent, as compared to 12 percent rise in the benchmark Nifty 50 index. In the latest September quarter, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) marginally reduced their stake to 0.96 percent, down from 0.98 percent in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, mutual fund holdings remained steady at 2.63 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BEL bags bullish calls after Q2 result beat estimates; multibagger stock up 104% in a year [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bharat Electronics (BEL) are in focus on October 29 after the defence and aerospace company's fiscal second-quarter earnings beat Street estimates, driven by better-than-expected margin performance. Morgan Stanley has given an overweight call on 'BEL', setting a target price of Rs 364 per share. The company is projecting revenue growth of 15 percent for F25, with order inflow anticipated at Rs 25,000 crore and a gross margin of 42 percent. The near-term outlook is positive, with confidence in maintaining a 15 percent revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) over the next five years. Additionally, there are plans to increase the revenue CAGR to 17.5 percent, supported by strong prospects for order inflows. BEL posted a standalone net profit of Rs 1,091.27 crore in Q2FY25, a 34 percent on-year. Revenue from operations rose 14.8 percent YoY to Rs 4,583.41 crore, led by a strong order book. The company reported an EBITDA of Rs 1,399 crore with a margin of 30.4 percent. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action BEL's order inflows stood at Rs 7,400 crore during 1HFY25. Analysts at Motilal Oswal expect defense ordering to start ramping up in the coming quarters. &quot;We expect BEL to remain a key beneficiary of the same, with key focus areas being from naval, EW systems, artillery systems, platform orders, Kavach, exports, et al,&quot; they said. The brokerage maintained its estimates and expects sales, EBITDA, and PAT CAGRs of 19 percent, 19 percent, and 22 percent, respectively, over FY24-27. &quot;We expect operating cash flow (OCF)/Free cash flow (FCF) to remain strong over FY25-27, led by control over working capital,&quot; it said. BEL had a cash surplus of Rs 11,000 crore (as of FY24), providing scope for further capacity expansion, analysts noted. BEL stock is currently trading at 33.1x/27.4x on FY26E/FY27E EPS. &quot;We maintain our estimates and continue to value the company at 35x two-year forward earnings,&quot; said Motilal Oswal as it reiterated a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 360. A slowdown in order inflows from the defense and non-defense segments, increased competition, further delays in finalization of large tenders, a sharp rise in commodity prices, and delays in payments from MoD can adversely impact estimates on revenues, margins, and cash flows, it added. Also Read | Small-caps run the risk of extended selloff as earnings slow BEL shares closed nearly a percent lower at Rs 269.85 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 46 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 104 percent, more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 29, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The output of cotton in the kharif season 2024-25 (Jul-Jun) in Rajasthan is expected to be up nearly 134% at 6.1 million tonnes from 2.6 million tonnes in the kharif season last year, according to the first advance estimates of area, production and yield released by the state's agriculture department. The total area sown under kharif crops in Rajasthan was 16 million hectares, down from 16.3 million hectares sown in the previous year, the report said. Total food grain production in the current kharif season is likely to rise 25.1% on year to 11.2 million tonnes, according to the report. Under food grains, maize output is seen rising 13.7% to 2.3 million tonnes, while bajra output is predicted to rise 12% on year to 4.9 million tonnes.The state's moong production is pegged to rise sharply by 119.3% on year to 1.8 million tonnes from 812,102 tonnes in the kharif season last year, the report showed. Similarly, urad output is seen rising 31.6% on year to 196,359 tonnes, while tur production in the current kharif season is expected to be 6,330 tonnes, up from 4,246 tonnes a year ago. The total production of oilseeds in the state is seen rising 11.5% on year to 4.1 million tonnes from 3.7 million tonnes in the previous kharif season. Under oilseeds, groundnut production is likely to rise 12.6% on year to 2.3 million tonnes, while soybean output is predicted to rise to 1.4 million tonnes from 1.3 million tonnes produced in the kharif season last year, the report showed. The output of guar, a major crop in the state, for the current kharif season is seen up 13.4% on year to 1.7 million tonnes, while sugarcane production is pegged to rise to 382,280 tonnes from 362,762 tonnes a year ago, according to the report. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open higher on October 29, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,387, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Indian equity markets snapped a five-day losing streak and ended on a strong note on October 28, with the Nifty inching closer to 24,500, intraday, amid buying across sectors especially banking and metal stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 602.75 points or 0.76 percent at 80,005.04, and the Nifty was up 158.35 points or 0.65 percent at 24,339.15. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Gains) The GIFT Nifty is trading firm, indicating a positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,387 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian indices were trading mixed Taiwan Weighted down a percent, while Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 and Topix were trading in the green. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.37 -5.05 4.98 Nikkei 0.13 -4 7.56 Hang Seng 0.61 -1.60 23.43 Taiwan -1.14 2.04 23.03 Kospi -0.29 -4.19 -7.48 US Equities (Up) Wall Street closed higher on Monday ahead of a packed week of earnings from megacap companies and the final stretch before the Nov. 5 presidential election, while sentiment improved after energy supplies were not disrupted by weekend developments in the Middle East. The S&amp;amp;P 500 gained 15.4 points, or 0.27%, to 5,823.52, while the Nasdaq Composite gained 48.58 points, or 0.26%, to 18,567.19. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 273.17 points, or 0.65%, to 42,387.57. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.65 0.47 13.64 S&amp;amp;P500 0.27 1.39 23.37 Nasdaq 0.26 2.41 24.98 US Bond Yield (Down) US 10-Year Treasury shed 42 bps at 4.26 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury fell 41 bps at 4.12 percent in the early trade on Tuesday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.26 3.78 4.89 US 2-Year Treasury 4.12 3.64 5.05 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar eased a touch, though remained not too far from its recent high ahead of major U.S. data releases later in the week that could determine the path for Federal Reserve policy. The dollar index was little changed at 104.25. The dollar was headed for its best month in 2-1/2-years on Tuesday, as it eyed a 3.5% gain against a basket of currencies. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.25 100.77 106.12 Asian currencies (Mixed) The Asian currencies were trading mixed in the early trade on Tuesday with Indonesian Rupiah, Taiwan Dollar, China Renminbi led the losers. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.490 -3.71 -2.06 South Korean Won 0.115 -4.97 -6.67 Japanese Yen 0.190 -6.13 -7.82 Philippines Peso 0.150 -3.66 -4.78 Thai Baht 0.116 -3.92 1.47 Taiwan Dollar -0.084 -1.36 -4.74 China Renminbi -0.109 -1.55 -0.411 Malaysian Ringgit -0.014 -5.47 5.30 Singapore Dollar -0.023 -2.88 -0.204 Crude (Gains) Oil prices gained some lost ground on Tuesday after falling 6% in the previous session after Saturday's retaliatory strike by Israel against Iran's military bypassed oil and nuclear facilities, not disrupting energy supplies. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.52 -0.67 -5.48 Brent Crude 0.55 -0.04 -6.87 Gold (Up) Gold and Silver prices were trading marginally higher at around USD 2748 per ounce and USD 33.8 per ounce, respectively, in the early trade on Tuesday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.20 4.28 33.21 Silver 0.22 8.28 41 .80 LME Commodities (Down) Commodities price were trading mostly lower in the early trade on Tuesday with Aluminium falling over a percent, and Nickel shed nearly a percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -1.20 1.30 10.97 Copper -0.64 -2.93 11.48 Nickel -0.94 -8.56 -3.54 Lead -0.76 -3.13 -1.84 Zinc 1.19 1.55 18.10 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,228 crore on October 28, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 1,400 crore on the same day. 28th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,228.08 -88,046.93 -2,30,583.12 DII Net Flows 1,400.85 1,30,371.91 4,35,955.62 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Bharti Airtel, Adani Power, Suzlon, Federal Bank, Quess Corp, Genesys International in focus on Tuesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, and quarterly earnings, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Maruti Suzuki India, Cipla, Adani Enterprises, Adani Ports, Canara Bank, SBI Cards and Payment Services, Allied Blenders and Distillers, Marico, Container Corporation of India, Deepak Fertilisers, Edelweiss Financial Services, Engineers India, Five-Star Business Finance, Genus Power Infrastructures, Glaxosmithkline Pharma, Godrej Agrovet, HUDCO, Laxmi Organic Industries, MTAR Technologies, Prestige Estates Projects, Shriram Asset Management, Star Health and Allied Insurance Company, Symphony, Voltas, and Websol Energy System will announce their quarterly earnings scorecard on October 29. Quarterly Earnings Bharti Airtel Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit declines 13.6% to Rs 3,593.2 crore Vs Rs 4,160 crore Revenue grows 7.7% to Rs 41,473.3 crore Vs Rs 38,506.4 crore EBITDA increases 10.4% to Rs 22,020.9 crore Vs Rs 19,944.2 crore Margin expands to 53.1% Vs 51.8% Exceptional loss at Rs 853.7 crore Vs exceptional gain of Rs 735 crore Other income falls to Rs 254.7 crore Vs Rs 363.5 crore Tax expenses jump to Rs 1,744 crore Vs Rs 1,307.8 crore Federal Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 10.8% to Rs 1,057 crore Vs Rs 954 crore Net interest income increases 15.1% to Rs 2,367 crore Vs Rs 2,056 crore Gross NPA falls to 2.09% Vs 2.11% (QoQ) Net NPA slips to 0.57% Vs 0.6% (QoQ) JSW Infrastructure Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 46% to Rs 371.5 crore Vs Rs 254.4 crore Revenue grows 18% to Rs 1,001.4 crore Vs Rs 848.3 crore Tata Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 1.9% to Rs 157.4 crore Vs Rs 160.4 crore Revenue grows 2.2% to Rs 1,296.5 crore Vs Rs 1,269.2 crore EBITDA increases 10% to Rs 235.5 crore Vs Rs 214.3 crore Margin expands sharply to 18.2% Vs 16.9% Tata Technologies collaborates with Air India to transform the Air India Aircrafts for delivering travel experience Suzlon Energy Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 96.1% to Rs 200.6 crore Vs Rs 102.3 crore Revenue spikes 47.7% to Rs 2,093 crore Vs Rs 1,417.2 crore Adani Power Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit plunges 50% to Rs 3,297.5 crore Vs Rs 6,594.2 crore Revenue grows 2.7% to Rs 13,338.9 crore Vs Rs 12,990.6 crore Other income falls to Rs 724 crore Vs Rs 1,945.1 crore Tax expenses stand at Rs 836.6 crore Vs Tax Credit at Rs 1,370.6 crore Spandana Sphoorty Financial Q2 (YoY) Loss stands at Rs 216 crore Vs profit of Rs 125 crore Net interest income rises 9% to Rs 341 crore Vs Rs 312 crore Impairment jumps sharply to Rs 516 crore Vs Rs 90 crore Gross NPA spikes to 4.86% Vs 2.6% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 0.99% Vs 0.53% (QoQ) Kalpataru Projects International Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 40% to Rs 126 crore Vs Rs 90 crore Revenue grows 9% to Rs 4,930 crore Vs Rs 4,518 crore EBITDA soars 18% to Rs 438 crore Vs Rs 371 crore Margin expands to 8.9% Vs 8.2% Indraprastha Gas Q2 (Standalone QoQ) Profit increases 7.5% to Rs 431 crore Vs Rs 401 crore Revenue rises 5% to Rs 3,697.3 crore Vs Rs 3,520.6 crore EBITDA falls 7.9% to Rs 536 crore Vs Rs 582 crore Margin drops 200 bps to 14.5% Vs 16.5% Other income jumps to Rs 149.3 crore Vs Rs 72.7 crore Restaurant Brands Asia Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss widens to Rs 65.5 crore Vs Rs 50.65 crore Revenue rises 1.2% to Rs 632.4 crore Vs Rs 624.9 crore EBITDA jumps 12.4% to Rs 63.2 crore Vs Rs 56.2 crore Margin expands 100 bps to 10% Vs 9% Ajanta Pharma Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 11% to Rs 216 crore Vs Rs 195 crore Revenue grows 15% to Rs 1,187 crore Vs Rs 1,028 crore EBITDA rises 7% to Rs 311 crore Vs Rs 291 crore Pfizer Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 6.3% to Rs 158.4 crore Vs Rs 149 crore Revenue rises 2.3% to Rs 588.6 crore Vs Rs 575.2 crore Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 10.6% to Rs 303 crore Vs Rs 274 crore Net interest income increases 12% to Rs 596 crore Vs Rs 532.7 crore Gross NPA falls to 1.37% Vs 1.44% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.46% Vs 0.65% (QoQ) Quess Corp Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 32% to Rs 93.6 crore Vs Rs 70.9 crore Revenue grows 9.1% to Rs 5,179.4 crore Vs Rs 4,748.3 crore Genesys International Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands at Rs 11.09 crore Vs loss of Rs 3.4 crore Revenue spikes 117% to Rs 72 crore Vs Rs 33.2 crore Stocks To Watch Tata Power The company has executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Khorlochhu Hydro Power (KHPL) for the acquisition of a 40% stake in KHPL for Rs 830 crore. The investment will be made in one or more tranches in the equity stake of KHPL. Infosys The IT services company has completed the acquisition of Blitz 24-893 SE, Germany, through its subsidiary, Infosys Singapore Pte. Dr Reddy's Laboratories The pharma company has launched Elobixibat, a drug to treat chronic constipation, in India. It will market Elobixibat under the brand name BixiBat. Bulk Deals Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India Macquarie Emerging Markets Asian Trading and Macquarie Bank each acquired a 0.74% stake in the construction company at an average price of Rs 180.16 per share and Rs 179.21 per share, respectively. Additionally, Kirtan Maneklal Rupareliya bought a 1.2% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 178.92 per share. Flair Writing Industries New Mark Capital AIF LLP bought a 0.6% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 280 per share. Vadilal Enterprises Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal sold a 0.53% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 4,070 per share. SME Listing on October 29 Danish Power, United Heat Transfer, OBSC Perfection Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend Infosys, Embassy Office Parks REIT, Route Mobile Stock Trades Ex-Date for Ex-Split Quasar India F&amp;amp;O Ban Punjab National Bank, Dixon Technologies, Escorts Kubota, IDFC First Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade TCS, Firstsource, Tata Motors, LIC Housing Finance, Asian Paints, PVR INOX and others on Tuesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices gained strength for the first time in the last six consecutive sessions on October 28, although they still traded below the 20-, 50-, and 100-day moving averages. The breadth was also positive, with about 1,730 shares advancing against 817 declining shares on the NSE. The Nifty 50 needs to climb above these moving averages for a sustainable uptrend; until then, the trend may remain in favour of the bears. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Mehul Kothari, DVP – Technical Research at Anand Rathi LIC Housing Finance | CMP: Rs 618.5 Recently, LIC Housing Finance has shown a bullish divergence on the daily chart around the Rs 580-600 support zone, suggesting a potential upward reversal. This support zone aligns with the R3 level on the yearly Camarilla pivot, which previously acted as resistance but has now transitioned into a support level, enhancing its attractiveness for a bullish trade setup. Additionally, the price action has broken above a bearish trendline, indicating a shift in trend, as seen on the chart. Given these technical signals, a long position is advised in the Rs 610-620 range, with an upside target of Rs 665. For risk management, a stop-loss is recommended near Rs 590 on a daily close basis to safeguard against downside risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 665 Stop-Loss: Rs 590 Fine Organics Industries | CMP: Rs 4,683.65 Like other midcap stocks, Fine Organics has undergone a heavy correction in the past few weeks and is now in an oversold zone. The stock has retraced almost 78.6 percent of its previous move. As of now, it has found support at the flat line of the Ichimoku system. Going ahead, a move above Rs 4,750 might result in a short-term pullback in the stock. Thus, traders are advised to buy the stock only above Rs 4,750 for an upside target of Rs 4,950. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,950 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,650 DCX Systems | CMP: Rs 306 DCX Systems has corrected over 35 percent from the peak of Rs 450 during this fall. The stock has retraced 78.6 percent of the previous rally and has also found support at the rising trendline. This support coincides with the support formed by the Ichimoku system. We expect a decent bounce in the coming session. Thus, we advise traders to go long in the stock near Rs 300 for an upside target of Rs 285. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 330 Stop-Loss: Rs 285 Jay Thakkar, Vice President &amp;amp; Head of Derivatives and Quant Research at ICICI Securities Asian Paints | CMP: Rs 3,001.85 Asian Paints has formed a falling wedge pattern, which is a bullish reversal pattern. The momentum indicator MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) has provided a positive divergence on the hourly charts and is on the cusp of reversing on the daily charts as well, from sell to buy. This indicates a higher chance of a bounce back from a short-term perspective. Additionally, the decline in international crude prices should support this stock’s bounce back from current levels. The stock has seen significant Call unwinding at the Rs 3,000 strike, and the next highest Call base is at Rs 3,100, suggesting a higher likelihood of short covering from the current levels. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,060, Rs 3,100 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,950 Tata Motors | CMP: Rs 878.5 Tata Motors has taken support at its previous swing low formed on the general election results day. The momentum indicator MACD has provided a bullish crossover on its hourly charts and has been moving up with a positive divergence. The daily MACD is also in the oversold territory, enhancing the probability of an upside. There has been significant Call writing at higher levels, ranging from Rs 900 to Rs 1,000; however, short covering is expected until the monthly expiry, as the stock has not seen any major short buildup in the futures segment since October 18. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 895, Rs 910 Stop-Loss: Rs 855 Tata Consultancy Services | CMP: Rs 4,090.85 TCS has underperformed its benchmark index Nifty IT during this results season; however, it now seems that the stock is ready for a bounce back. The hourly MACD is showing positive divergence, and the daily MACD is on the verge of providing a bullish reversal. The stock has also provided a short-term falling trendline breakout after forming a Doji candlestick pattern on the lower side, indicating a possible halt in the previous downtrend and a likely reversal due to short covering. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,170, Rs 4,200 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,020 Santosh Meena, Head of Research at Swastika Investmart Firstsource Solutions | CMP: Rs 372.55 Firstsource Solutions is displaying strong bullish momentum, having resumed its upward trend after breaking out of a rectangle formation. This breakout was accompanied by significant volume and positive earnings, underscoring the bullish sentiment. Currently, the price is comfortably positioned above key moving averages, with momentum indicators also reflecting a positive bias. Going forward, the breakout level around Rs 340 will serve as a support level on any pullback, reinforcing the overall bullish structure. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 440 Stop-Loss: Rs 340 PVR INOX | CMP: Rs 1,530.5 PVR INOX is rebounding from its 200-DMA (Daily Moving Average), which aligns with the 50 percent retracement level of the previous swing rally. It has also managed to close above its 100-DMA, indicating a strengthening trend. However, the 20-DMA near Rs 1,600 will act as immediate resistance, with Rs 1,660 as the next target. Momentum indicators, particularly the RSI (Relative Strength Index), are showing a positive crossover from the oversold zone, suggesting renewed buying interest and potential for further upside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,660 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,440 Indigo Paints | CMP: Rs 1,643 Indigo Paints is poised to break through a multi-month resistance around the Rs 1,700 mark, signaling the potential for a sharp rally toward the Rs 2,000 level. During its recent pullback, it found support at the 20-DMA and formed a bullish Marubozu candlestick, reinforcing the strength of the current uptrend. Momentum indicators align with this bullish bias, suggesting further upside potential in the coming sessions. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,500. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral NTPC; target of Rs 450: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on NTPC NTPC reported standalone 2QFY25 EBITDA of INR96.7b (-8% YoY), 19% below our estimate of INR119b. Sharp rise in other opex (INR55b vs. INR34b in 2QFY24) led to the miss at the EBITDA level. On a consolidated basis, EBITDA was down 8% YoY in 2QFY25, while PAT rose 14% YoY, boosted by substantial regulatory deferral income of INR23b for the quarter. Standalone revenue for 2QFY25 at INR403b came in 3% below estimate (our est. of INR417b, -1% YoY) due to a decrease in the average coal price, which fell from INR3,791/tonne to INR3,584/tonne. Outlook Our TP of INR450 for NTPC is based on: Value of INR266 for the standalone business at Dec’26E P/B of 2.5x. Value of INR24 for other subsidiaries and INR64 for JV/associates at Dec’26E P/B of 2.5x. Value of INR91 for the renewables business at 14x FY27E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Phoenix Mills; target of Rs : Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Phoenix Mills Phoenix Mills (PHNX) posted 2QFY25 revenue of INR9.2b, up 5% YoY (in line). EBITDA stood at INR5.2b, up 2% YoY (6% below est.) as margin contracted 143bp YoY. PAT declined by 14% YoY to INR2.2b (12% below est.), with a margin of ~24%. For 1HFY25, PHNX generated OCF (post-interest) of INR8.1b (down 8% YoY) and incurred INR13.8b on capex. It also received INR2.7b from JV partners, and hence, the consolidated net debt increased sequentially to INR24b. Outlook That said, we remain confident in the long-term consumption growth, which should be at least ~7-8%. We value the mature malls at 20x EV/EBITDA and the new malls at 25x EV/EBITDA. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,652. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral InterGlobe Aviation; target of Rs 4130: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on InterGlobe Aviation INDIGO reported a 26% YoY decline in EBITDA to INR16.2b in 2QFY25 and a net loss of INR9.9b (vs. our est. net loss of INR6.8b). Revenue passenger kilometers (RPK) stood at 31.6b. Passenger load factor (PLF) was 82.7% with available seat kilometers (ASK) of 38.2b (est. of 27.2b) and yield of INR4.55 (vs. est. of INR4.51, +2% YoY) in 2Q. Currently, over 60 aircraft of the company are grounded due to P&amp;amp;W engine issues, and the management believes this number would be in mid-40s in FY26. INDIGO added two new international destinations in 2Q and would add three more in FY25. Thus, capacity share in the international market is expected to reach its targeted level of 30% by FY25 end. Outlook The stock is trading at ~20x FY26E EPS of INR222.9 and ~10x FY26E EV/EBITDAR. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock with a TP of INR4,130, based on 8.5x Sep’26E EV/EBITDAR. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral IEX; target of Rs 200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IEX IEX delivered standalone revenue of INR1,392m in 2QFY25 (+28% YoY), in line with our estimate. Reported standalone PAT of INR1,061m came in 3% above our est. of INR1,025m (+28% YoY), mainly led by higher other income. IEX’s overall volumes rose 38% YoY in 2QFY25, with electricity market (DAM, TAM and RTM) volumes rising 15% YoY and renewable (RE) volumes surging 277% YoY. In 2QFY25, electricity demand growth slowed owing to 8% higher-thanaverage monsoon rains, with average power demand at 435BUs, up 0.5% YoY. IEX holds a dominant market position with a 99.5% share in the bilateral day-ahead market (DAM) and real-time market (RTM), and about 40% in the term-ahead market (TAM). Overall, IEX held a combined market share of 79% in 1HFY25. Outlook Our TP of INR200 for IEX is based on the following valuation: We value the business at Dec-26E EPS of 5.8 with a PE multiple of 34x. This compares with mean and mean+1 SD of 33x and 44x, respectively.We have not assumed any value for IGX stake in our valuation. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral IDFC First Bank; target of Rs 73: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IDFC First Bank IDFC First Bank (IDFCFB) reported 2QFY25 PAT of INR2b (73% YoY decline, significant miss to MOFSLe) due to a spike in provisions. NII grew 21% YoY to INR47.9b (in-line), while margin moderated 4bp QoQ to 6.18%. Opex grew 17.7% YoY to INR45.5b (inline). C/I ratio stood at ~70%. Net advances grew 20.7% YoY (6.2% QoQ) while deposits grew 30.6% YoY (6.6% QoQ), with CASA mix improving 230bp QoQ to 48.9%. GNPA ratio increased 2bp QoQ to 1.92% while NNPA ratio improved 11bp QoQ to 0.48%. Credit cost was higher, primarily due to the prudent provisioning buffer of INR5.68b. We cut our earnings by 18%/5% for FY25E/26E and estimate FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.0%/11.0%. Reiterate Neutral with a revised TP of INR73 (premised on 1.4x FY26E ABV). Outlook We cut our earnings by 18%/5% for FY25E/26E and estimate FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.0%/11.0%. Reiterate Neutral with a revised TP of INR73 (premised on 1.4x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Balkrishna Industries; target of Rs 2890: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Balkrishna Industries Balkrishna Industries (BIL)’s 2QFY25 was operationally better than expected with EBITDA of INR6.2b (+13% YoY, est. INR5.9b), led by better ASP and lower promotional expenses. However, Adj. PAT was in line. Weak demand in its key markets (ex India) remains the key cause of concern going forward even as margins are likely to stabilize at current levels for H2. Our earnings estimate remains unchanged. Most of the positives seem priced in at current valuations. We maintain our Neutral rating with a TP of INR2,890, based on ~24x Sep’26E EPS. Outlook At a P/E multiple of 34x/26x FY25E/FY26E EPS, most of the positives seem priced in. We value BIL at 24x Sep’26E EPS (vs ~22x, 10-year LPA) to arrive at our TP of INR2,890. We reiterate our Neutral stance on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Shriram Finance; target of Rs 4000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Shriram Finance Shriram Finance (SHFL)’s 2QFY25 PAT rose ~18% YoY to ~INR20.7b (in line), and PPoP grew 14% YoY to ~INR39.8b (in line). NII grew ~19% YoY to INR54.6b (in line), while reported NIM dipped ~5bp QoQ to ~8.75%. 1HFY25 PAT grew ~18% YoY to INR40.5b and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to grow by ~15% YoY Credit costs of ~INR12.3b (10% lower than MOFSLe) translated into annualized credit costs of ~2.1% (PQ: 2.1% and PY: 2.3%). Management guided that NIM can be maintained at the current levels or there can be a slight improvement. We model NIMs of 9.1%/9.4% in FY25/FY26. Outlook SHFL is effectively leveraging cross-selling opportunities to reach new customers and introduce new products, leading to improved operating metrics and a solid foundation for sustainable growth. The current valuation of ~1.8x FY26E BVPS is attractive for a ~19% PAT CAGR over FY24-27E and RoA/RoE of ~3.3%/18% in FY27E. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR4,000 (based on 2.2x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Poonawalla Fincorp; target of Rs 350: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Poonawalla Fincorp Poonawalla Fincorp (PFL)’s 2QFY25 loss stood at ~INR4.7b (MOFSLe: INR3b+). The company reported a loss in 2QFY25 mainly due to a one-time provision in STPL book of ~INR6.7b and a one-time opex of ~INR710m from investments in technology. PFL reported net loss ~INR1.8b in 1HFY25, and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to decline ~45% YoY. NII grew ~18% YoY to ~INR5.6b (8% miss), while its PPoP declined 17% YoY to ~INR2.8b (37% miss). Opex rose ~90% YoY to ~INR3.7b (~40% higher than estimates), with C/I ratio increasing QoQ to ~57% (PQ: 36% and PY: ~37%). Provisions stood at INR9.1b, including one-time provisions on the STPL book. Outlook The near-term outlook will warrant a detailed understanding of the various pillars of execution, and we will look forward to more clarity before taking any rating action. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR350 (premised on 2.7x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on ICICI Bank ICICI Bank (ICICIBC) has reported six glorious years of performance since Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi took charge as MD &amp;amp; CEO on 15th Oct’18. The bank has consistently beaten street estimates on one or the other metric, even as the macro environment changed considerably over the years. Just when it seems that the opportunities for positive surprises are exhausted and there is an uphill climb ahead, the bank comes up with another ace up its sleeve, thereby awing everyone with its superlative performance. During 2QFY25, ICICIBC reported 14.5% YoY growth in PAT (8% beat), driven by controlled provisions and further improvement in operating leverage. Outlook We increase our EPS estimates by 2.8%/1.8% for FY25/FY26 and estimate RoA/RoE of 2.19%/17.4% in FY26. We expect the bank to sustain a ~12% CAGR in PAT over FY24-26. Reiterate BUY with a revised SoTP-based TP of INR1,500 (2.6x Sep26E ABV + INR260 for subs; vs INR1,400 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Home First Finance; target of Rs 1320: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Home First Finance Home First Finance (HOMEFIRS)’s 2QFY25 PAT grew 24% YoY to INR922m (in line). 1HFY25 PAT grew 25% YoY to ~INR1.8b and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to grow ~23% YoY. NII grew 19% YoY to INR1.57b (in line). Other income grew 46% YoY to INR421m (12% above MOFSLe), aided by higher fee income during the quarter. Opex grew 28% YoY to INR726m. PPoP rose ~21% YoY to INR1.3b (in line). Credit costs at INR57m translated into annualized credit costs of ~20bp (PQ: ~22bp and PY: ~40bp). After taking PLR hike in Aug’24, yields expanded ~10bp QoQ, which offset the ~10bp QoQ increase in CoB. Spreads were stable at ~5.1%. The management informed that almost two-thirds of the yield hike is reflected in the portfolio yields and the remaining benefit will accrue in 3QFY25. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR1,320 (premised on 3.7x Sep’26E BVPS).  Key downside risks: a) a sharp contraction in spreads and margins in order to sustain the business momentum and b) higher BT-outs leading to lower AUM growth. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DLF; target of Rs 925: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on DLF DLF reported weak pre-sales bookings of INR7b in 2QFY25 due to the lack of launches amid approval delays. The company sustains momentum in its ultra-luxury project, The Camellias, in DLF 5, with bookings of INR1.8b. With the balance inventory of INR21b, launches will be key to driving its pre-sales growth. DLF received approvals for ‘The Dahlias’ in the first week of Oct’24 and is in the pre-launch stage. DLF aims to launch INR410b worth of projects across its core markets (up INR50b vs. 4QFY24), which would lead to 23% YoY pre-sales growth in FY25. Beyond FY25, the company has set a project pipeline worth INR635b to be launched over 2-3 years. Outlook Wherein land contributes INR1,233b, andDCCDL valued at INR708b. Gross NAV comes out to be INR2,349b, which afternet debt of INR63b (incl. DCCDL), comes out to be INR2,285b. We upgrade toBUY with a revised TP of INR925. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy CreditAccess Grameen; target of Rs 1155: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on CreditAccess Grameen CreditAccess Grameen (CREDAG)’s 2QFY25 PAT declined ~46% YoY to ~INR1.86b (~29% miss). 1HFY25 PAT declined ~16% YoY to ~INR5.8b, and we expect 2HFY25 PAT to decline ~38% YoY. NII in 2QFY25 grew ~22% YoY to ~INR9.3b and PPoP rose 19% YoY to ~INR6.7b. Cost-to-income ratio stood at ~31% (PY: ~32% and PQ: ~29%). Reported yields improved ~10bp QoQ to ~21.1%, and CoF was stable QoQ at 9.8%. Reported NIM rose ~50bps QoQ to ~13.5%. Average disbursement yields remained stable QoQ at ~21.3% in 2QFY25. We model NIMs of 14.7%/14.5% for FY25/FY26. Outlook With a strong capital position (Tier-1 of ~25%), it is well equipped to navigate any potential disruptions in the sector. Reiterate BUY with a revised TP of INR1,155 (based on 1.8x Sep’26E P/BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coromandel International; target of Rs 2000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Coromandel International Coromandel International (CRIN) reported subdued operating performance in 2QFY25 (EBIT down 10% YoY) due to a lower NBS rate and high raw material prices, partly offset by healthy performance from the crop protection business (EBIT up 24% YoY). With improved reservoir levels and forecasts of above-normal northeast monsoons, the company is expecting healthy growth in fertilizer volumes in the upcoming quarters. This, coupled with the bottoming out of agrochemical prices, should lead to better performance in 2HFY25. We maintain our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates. We value the company at ~25x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at a TP of 2,000. Reiterate BUY. Outlook We maintain our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates. We value the company at ~25x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at our TP of 2,000. Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Atul; target of Rs 9995: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Atul Atul (ATLP) reported in-line revenue in 2QFY25. Revenue in the Life Science Chemicals segment increased 13% YoY, while it rose 18% YoY in the Performance &amp;amp; Other Chemicals segment. Gross margin came in at 53.1% (+900bp YoY), while EBITDAM expanded 440bp YoY to 17.4%. PAT increased 53% YoY to INR1.4b in 2QFY25. The Life Science segment performance was fueled by an increased demand for intermediates used in the pharma and personal care industries, with high demand for crop protection chemicals in the international market. Performance Chemicals’ sales and profitability were aided by an improvement in demand for epoxy and sulphones product groups, along with an improved performance of the subsidiaries. Outlook The stock is trading at ~33x FY26E EPS of INR224 and ~19x FY26E EV/EBITDA. We value the stock at 40x Sep’26E EPS (discount of 9% to five-year average of 45x) to arrive at our TP of INR9,995. We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk deals: Macquarie Emerging Markets sells 0.68% stake in Deepak Builders & Engineers [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bulk deals Kirtan Maneklal Rupareliya purchased 558,000 shares of Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India at an average price of Rs 178.92 per share. The Macquarie Emerging Markets Asian Trading Pte Limited and Macquarie Bank Limited sold total 6,88,977 shares at an average price of 179.68 per share. Also, Flair Writing Industries Ltd witnessed a bulk deal by New Mark Capital as it purchased 660,700 shares at an average price of Rs 280 per share. Institutional investors Eubilia Capital Partners Fund I bought 68,400 shares of Eco-solutions sector company GP Eco Solutions India Ltd at an average price of Rs 258.19. The Leading Light Fund VCC The Triumph Fund sold shares 50,400 of Rappid Valves (India) Ltd at an average price of Rs 250.25. Another bulk deal by Holani Venture Capital Fund-I was seen as it purchased 26,000 shares of Signoria Creation Limited at an average price of Rs 140.9 per share. Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal sold 4,600 shares of Vadilal Enterprises Ltd at an average price of Rs 4,070 per share. Block Deal Today, Dodona Holdings Limited sold 1,156,170 shares of Trent Ltd. to Siddhartha Yog in a block deal at Rs 7,255 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Market bounces back; Nifty above 24,300, Sensex up 603 points [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity markets snaped a five-day losing streak and ended on a strong note on October 28, with the Nifty inching closer to 24,500, intraday, amid buying across sectors especially banking and metal stocks. At close, the Sensex was up 602.75 points or 0.76 percent at 80,005.04, and the Nifty was up 158.35 points or 0.65 percent at 24,339.15. Despite mixed global cues, the Indian indices opened on a positive note and extended the gains during the day however, profit booking at higher levels erased some of the intraday gains. Also Read - Adani Enterprises Q2 Preview: Firm likely to see increase in revenue, EBITDA on back of diversified business model Biggest Nifty gainers included Shriram Finance, Adani Enterprises, ICICI Bank, Eicher Motors and Wipro, while losers were Coal India, Bajaj Auto, Axis Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and Hero MotoCorp. All the sectoral indices ended in the green with PSU Bank index rose 3.8 percent, Metal index added 2.5 percent, while pharma, media, realty up more than 1 percent each. The BSE midcap index was up 0.7 percent and smallcap index gained 1 percent. More than 130 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Anup Engineering, CarTrade Tech, Cigniti Technologies, Coforge, Deepak Fertiliers, Firstsource Solutions, Kirloskar Pneumatic, Poly Medicure, Sharda Crop, Thyrocare Technologies, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 140 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Aether Industries, Anupam Rasayan, Birla Corp, CreditAccess Grameen, Delhivery, GNFC, IDFC First Bank, Mahindra Life, Mishra Dhatu, Nestle, Poonawalla Fincorp, Prince Pipes, Rajesh Exports, Relaxo Footweare, Tanla Platforms, TCI Express, Trident, Vodafone Idea, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 29 Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares Indian markets commenced the truncated week on a firm note under the leadership of Banking counters and in the presence of a follow-through momentum, the Index compounded its gains for most of the session; however, in the last hour of the trading session, a reversal was seen which dragged the Index lower to end the session at 24,339.15 with gains of 158.35 points. All the sectors ended the day in green with PSU Banks and Metal being the top performers. Mid and Smallcaps also surged by 0.83% &amp;amp; 1.20% respectively and outperformed the Benchmark Index. The Index has made a Spinning Top candlestick pattern which suggests indecisiveness. We will wait for a convincing move above 24,600 where it will give a breakout from two different patterns: 1) a change in polarity and 2) Falling Wedge; whereas, on the lower side, the zone of 24,100-24,180 will act as a strong support area. Ajit Mishra – SVP, Research, Religare Broking Markets opened the week on a positive note, gaining over half a percent, pausing after the recent decline. Following an initial dip, the Nifty recovered strongly, briefly testing the 24,500 resistance level in the first half; however, profit-taking in the latter half trimmed the day’s gains. Ultimately, it closed at 24,339.15, up by 0.6%. All major sectors contributed to the recovery, with metals, realty, and pharma among the top gainers. The broader indices also saw some relief, each gaining nearly a percent. Participants should not read much into a single day rebound and await a decisive close above 24,500 to signal further recovery, as a failure to do so could lead to a resumption of the decline. Traders are advised to maintain a cautious approach, keeping positions balanced on both sides, with a focus on large-cap and mid-cap leaders while avoiding averaging down loss-making positions.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: India fares better than EM peers in attracting FII funds this year despite high valuations [/INST] The full article is as follows: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) displayed a mixed outlook on emerging markets (EMs) in 2024, with notable capital outflows from major players like China and Brazil. In stark contrast, India managed to attract modest positive inflows, highlighting its resilience and appeal as a stable investment destination amidst global uncertainties. India’s FII Inflows Stand Out Amid EM Challenges Recent data reveals a significant divergence in capital flows: India saw small but positive FII inflows, while China, Brazil, and several other prominent EMs faced substantial capital outflows. Key reasons for this trend, according to analysts, include: China’s Property Market Meltdown: The ongoing turmoil in China's property sector and broader economic challenges have raised alarm bells for investors. Concerns about growth, regulatory crackdowns, and the stability of major industries have led many FIIs to reassess their commitments to China, prompting a shift in focus towards more stable markets like India. Macroeconomic Stability: India’s robust GDP growth projections and sound macroeconomic policies have enhanced its attractiveness. With controlled inflation and a stable monetary framework, India emerges as a relatively safe investment haven in a turbulent global environment. The expansive consumer market and burgeoning middle class in India continue to lure foreign investors seeking long-term growth opportunities. Investor Sentiment: The overall perception of India as a growth engine, coupled with the stability of its democratic framework, further strengthens its position. This sentiment contrasts sharply with the increasing unpredictability in China and Brazil, leading FIIs to favor India over other emerging markets. Generally emerging markets (EMs) like India tend to attract more foreign money in a declining interest rate cycle, courtesy of a carry trade, which sees foreign institutional investors (FIIs) borrowing cheaper at home to invest in higher yielding, riskier EM assets, according to Andrew Holland, CEO, Avendus Capital Alternate Strategies. High Valuations Remain a Concern for Indian Markets While India has successfully attracted FII inflows, its market valuations are among the highest globally. Comparisons of year-to-date returns with forward P/E ratios reveal that India commands a significant premium compared to many of its EM counterparts. One key distinction between India and other EMs is its economic structure. While many EMs depend heavily on manufacturing, commodities, and exports, India is primarily service-driven, with a stronger focus on consumption. &quot;This structure insulates India from the cyclical volatility affecting other EMs reliant on commodity exports,&quot; said Prashant Jain, Fund Manager and CIO- 3P Investment Managers. This unique composition not only reduces volatility but also leads to a higher return on equity (RoE), making Indian companies and markets more appealing to long-term investors. &amp;nbsp; Currently, nearly two-thirds of India's premium over other emerging markets can be attributed to rising valuations in India, while the remaining one-third results from the derating of other EMs, Jain said. As a result, India's premium is not overly concerning; however, it does raise questions about the relative attractiveness of other emerging markets. Despite premium valuations, India’s dollar-based returns over the past year lag behind those of markets like the U.S. and Taiwan, raising concerns about potential overheating. Elevated valuations may lead to skepticism regarding sustainability, especially if corporate earnings growth fails to keep pace. Investors might exercise caution regarding future returns from Indian equities unless earnings growth accelerates to validate the premium pricing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 28 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty held onto their early gains to close in the green on October 28, supported by buying in financial and oil &amp;amp; gas stocks. The market’s positive start was partly driven by easing concerns over the Middle East conflict. However, analysts remain cautious, highlighting potential downside risks as foreign institutional investors (FIIs) continue their outflow and recent corporate earnings have been disappointing. At close, the Sensex was up 602.75 points or 0.76 percent at 80,005.04, and the Nifty was up 158.40 points or 0.66 percent at 24,339.20. Market breadth tilted heavily in favour of gainers as about 2,470 shares rose, 1,357 fell and 151 were unchanged. Bank of Baroda | CMP: Rs 249.76 | Shares soared over 4 percent after the lender delivered a strong earnings performance for the July-September quarter, marked by its strongest asset quality in at least 10 years. The lender's net profit stood at Rs 5,238 crore in Q2, marking a 23.2 percent year-on-year growth while net interest income rose to Rs 11,622 crore, a 7.3 percent increase from Rs 10,831 crore in Q2FY24.The lender's asset quality also improved to the strongest in at least quarters as the gross non-performing assets (GNPA) ratio slipped to to 2.50 percent in Q2, sharply down from 3.32 percent in the base period. Praj Industries | CMP: Rs 701.35 | Shares dropped over a percent as investors dumped the stock after the company's disappointing earnings performance for the September quarter. The company's net profit slipped 14 percent on year to Rs 53.83 crore as compared to Rs 62.37 crore in the same period last fiscal. Revenue also dipped close to 7.5 percent on year to Rs 816.19 crore, down from Rs 882.33 crore in the base period. Interglobe Aviation | CMP: Rs 4,016 | Shares of IndiGo parent plunged 8 percent after the airline reported a net loss of Rs 987 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net profit of Rs 189 crore in the year-ago period. Despite the disappointing earnings, brokerages remained bullish on stock on account of healthy demand and efforts to improve its international presence through strategic partnerships and loyalty programs. DLF | CMP: Rs 821.55 | Shares of India's largest realty firm surged nearly 6 percent after the company reported a 121 percent YoY jump in its consolidated net profit at Rs 1,387 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's consolidated revenue surged 48 percent YoY to Rs 2,181 crore during the period under review. Bandhan Bank | CMP: Rs 184.35 | Shares surged 10 percent after registering robust July-September quarter (Q2FY25) led by 30 percent on-year rise in net profit. Brokerages were impressed by the results and retained their 'buy' calls, seeing up to 36 percent upside potential. Macquarie shared an 'outperform' call on Bandhan Bank and put out highest target price at Rs 250 per share. Given current valuations, analysts believe that the risk-reward appears favourable on account of growth and return-on-asset (RoA) trajectory. YES Bank | CMP: Rs 20.66 | The stock soared 7 percent following the announcement of stronger-than-expected results for the July-September quarter (Q2FY25). The bank posted a remarkable two-fold year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit, reaching Rs 553 crore in Q2FY25, compared to Rs 225 crore in the same period last year. Net interest income (NII) also registered solid growth, rising 14.3 percent YoY to Rs 2,200 crore from Rs 1,925 crore in Q2FY24. Shriram Finance | CMP: Rs 3,258 | Shares soared over 5 percent after brokerages were impressed with its upbeat July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance. Multiple 'buy' calls were issued as analysts expressed confidence on the company's steady performance, attractive valuations, and positive guidance for FY25.Shriram Finance reported net profit of Rs 2,071 crore in Q2FY25, up 18.3 percent YoY. The company's net interest income (NII) also increased by 16.3 percent YoY to Rs 5,606 crore in Q2FY25. The board has declared dividend of Rs 22 per share.However, the company net interest margin (NIM) decreased to 8.74 percent in Q2FY25 versus 8.8 percent in the previous quarter. ICICI Bank | CMP: Rs 1,294.40 | The lender's solid Q2 performance lifted its shares 3 percent higher. ICICI Bank's Q2 net profit rose 14.5 percent year-on-year to Rs 11,746 crore, surpassing market expectations. Net interest income (NII) increased by 9.5 percent YoY to Rs 20,048 crore, reflecting healthy growth, although net interest margins (NIM) declined by 26 basis points to 4.27 percent. IDFC First Bank | CMP: Rs 66.50 | Private sector lender's shares cracked after the bank reported a 73 percent decline in its September quarter standalone net profit. The lender reported a net profit at Rs 200.7 crore compared to Rs 751 crore reported by it in the year ago period. The Net Interest Income (NII) increased 21 percent to Rs 4,788 crore in Q2FY25 versus Rs 3,950 crore in the year ago period. Provisions for Q2 FY25 stood at Rs 1,732 crore, primarily on account of prudent provisioning buffer of Rs 568 crore, the bank said in a statement. Coal India | CMP: Rs 443.75 | State-run miner's shares fell 4 percent after the firm's earnings show for the quarter ended September came under expectations. Coal India reported a 22 percent drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 6,274.80 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 on the back of lower sales. It had posted consolidated net profit of Rs 8,048.64 crore in the year-ago period, according to a regulatory filing. Consolidated income of the world's largest coal miner in the July-September period dropped to Rs 32,177.92 crore, over Rs 34,760.30 crore in the second quarter of the previous fiscal.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1450: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on ICICI Bank ICICI Bank posted a 3% beat on PAT at Rs117bn and a superior RoA of 2.4% among peers, primarily due to healthy NII and better fees/treasury gains. Defying industry and peer trends, the bank clocked healthy credit growth at 15% YoY/4% QoQ, driven by some pick-up in corporate, business banking, and non-PL retail book. Deposit growth was equally healthy at 16% YoY/5% QoQ, while the bank maintains reasonable LCR at 120%. Amid most peers reporting higher NPAs, ICICIB continues to witness steady improvement in GNPA ratio to ~2%, while sustaining healthy specific PCR at 79%/contingent buffer @1% of loans amid rising stress in unsecured loans across industry. Management has indicated being cautious on unsecured loans (mainly PL), but believes that overall stress levels remain well below tolerable levels. ICICIB remains our preferred pick in the banking space, given its superior returns profile (RoA: &amp;gt;2%), top-management credibility, and strong capital/provision buffers. Outlook We retain BUY on ICICIB with TP of Rs1,450, rolling forward on 2.6x Sep-26E ABV (deserving premium over HDFCB @2.3x) and subsidiaries at Rs215/sh. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy KPIT Technologies; target of Rs 1760: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on KPIT Technologies KPIT Technologies maintainedits growth trajectory in Q2, with 4.7% q/q CC revenue growth. New TCV signed at $207m,up33% y/y, taking LTM to$859m, down 17.5% y/y, incl. mega deals in FY23. The book-to-bill of 1.2x (last 4 quarter average of 1.3x) and management talked of a strong deal pipeline with many large deals. The company plans to raise Rs28.8bn (~6% equity dilution) towards inorganic growth. The EBITDA margin declined 29bps sequentially and 82bps y/y to 20.8% after absorbing wage hikesand ESOP costs. Further, management is confident of achieving the lowerend of its revenue guidance; hence, we trim our FY25e/FY26erevenue 2.2%/3.6%. However, we see earnings improving 3% in FY25 given the one-time benefit (Rs 450m pretax) from reversal of an insurance claim. Outlook We introduce FY27 figures and lower our TP to Rs1,760 (from Rs2,000), based on 40x FY27e EPS. The TP revision includes Rs130/sh estimated value of the Qorix JV. The CMP reflects ~28% gains, resulting in a Buy (earlier Hold) recommendation. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Go Fashion India; target of Rs 1490: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Go Fashion India Despite the challenging retail environment Go Fashion’s Q2 revenue grew 10.4% y/y, in line with ARe, led by 0.5% SSSG. A better gross margin (240bps y/y to 63.1%) translated to a 53bp y/y EBITDA margin expansion (in line with our estimate) driven by a better product mix and low-cost inventory. The expansion would have been higher were SSSG better. Management lowered its FY25/FY26 net store addition guidance to 100/+120, fewer than the earlier 120-150 for FY25. It is optimizing its stores by closing smaller ones (&amp;lt;200 sq. ft.) in markets where larger stores (300- 500 sq.ft.) are also present. This would have a minimal revenue impact as sales are likely to shift to the larger stores. Continual stock optimization led to better working capital and healthy cashflow. Net cash reserves were higher (Rs2.4bn; Rs2bn at end-FY24). Management expects 15-20% y/y revenue growth in Q3 led by low/mid-single digit SSSG. Our FY25e/ 26e revenue/EBITDA are ~1.6% lower on average due to the reduced store expansion guidance. Promoter pledge release and SSSG betterment are key ahead. Outlook We retain our Buy, at a higher 12-mth TP of Rs1,490, 20x FY27e EV/EBITDA (earlier Rs1,366, 22x FY26e EV/EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Torrent Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 3600 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Torrent Pharmaceuticals Torrent Pharma’s (TRP) Q2FY25 EBITDA was largely in-line. Our FY25/ FY26E EBITDA broadly remains unchanged. TRP reported Rs 80bn (75% of total sales) worth of highly profitable branded formulation sales spread across India, Brazil and RoW markets. Curatio acquisition has been scaling up well with sharp margin improvement since acquisition. We expect 16% EBITDA CAGR and 27% PAT CAGR over FY24-27E with healthy RoE of +30%. At CMP, stock is trading at 26x EV/EBITDA/44x P/E on FY26E. Outlook We recommend Accumulate with revised TP of Rs3,600/share, valuing at 25x (unchanged) EV/EBITDA on Sept 2026E as we roll forward. TRP continues to explore inorganic opportunities which will be key for stock performance. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate InterGlobe Aviation; target of Rs 4919 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on InterGlobe Aviation We cut our PAT estimates by ~2-16% over FY25E-FY27E given the ongoing cost challenges. IndiGo reported weaker-than-expected performance with FXadjusted loss of Rs7.5bn (PLe Rs1.3bn) led by higher fuel cost and escalating AoG issue. Fuel CASK was up 4.2% YoY to Rs1.7, despite decline in ATF prices, due to 1) rise in VAT rates in a few states, 2) induction of less-fuel-efficient aircrafts via damp leases and 3) congestion issues. In addition, as AoG stood at mid-70s, damp leases were taken to plug in the capacity gap, leading to a rise in rental cost. Nonetheless, AoG problem has peaked and groundings would reduce to ~40 at the start of FY26E. While the cost structure problem will get resolved soon with the reduction in AoG, early signs of pricing pressure are visible as passenger RASK is likely to witness a correction by early to mid-single digit in 3QFY25E. Nonetheless, we do not foresee a major correction in yields, despite easing capacity constraints and rising competitive intensity given the market leadership position of IndiGo. Outlook We expect yields of Rs5.1/Rs5/Rs5 in FY25E/FY26E/FY27E. Retain ‘ACCUMULATE’ with a TP of Rs4,919 (earlier Rs5,177) by assigning a multiple of 10x (no change) to FY26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Hindustan Petroleum Corporation; target of Rs 412 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Hindustan Petroleum Corporation We upgrade the company from ‘Sell’ to ‘Accumulate’ post correction in stock price. Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) reported lower-than-expected Q2 results with EBITDA of Rs27.2bn (up 29.3% QoQ; PLe: Rs37.2bn, BBGe: Rs42bn) and PAT of Rs6.3bn (up 77.4% QoQ; PLe: Rs13.9bn, BBGe: Rs18.4bn). On the refining front, GRM came in at US$3.1/bbl. Gross marketing margin (GMM) stood at Rs4.3/ltr, and under-recovery on sale of LPG stood at Rs20.6bn. The stock is trading at 1.2/1.1x FY26/27 P/BV. Singapore GRM is currently averaging at ~US$3/bbl due to surplus supply, but we expect it to rebound to the long term average of US$5-7/bbl and build in a GRM of US$4.5/6/6/bbl for FY25/26/27E. On the marketing front, we build in a GMM of Rs5.3/4.5/4.5/ltr for FY25/26/27E. Outlook We revise TP to Rs 412 (Rs365 earlier) and raise multiple to 1.3x avg FY26-27 P/BV as we expect refining margins to improve in the long term and marketing margins to remain moderate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Mahanagar Gas; target of Rs 1627 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mahanagar Gas We upgrade the stock from ‘HOLD’ to ‘ACCUMULATE’ as valuations look fair post correction in stock price. MAHGL reported EBITDA of Rs4bn in Q2FY25, down 4.8% QoQ (PLe: Rs4.5bn, BBGe: Rs4.2bn). PAT came in at Rs2.8bn, flat QoQ (PLe: Rs3.1bn, BBGe: Rs2.8bn). Total volume grew 13.1% YoY to 4mmscmd aided by strong growth across CNG and industrial segments. On a QoQ basis, total volume increased 4.7%. EBITDA/scm came in lower than estimates at Rs10.7. Outlook Going ahead, in line with the company’s guidance, we build in volume growth of 10% YoY for FY25 and 6% for FY26/27 each. EBITDA/scm is estimated at Rs11/10.5/10.5 for FY25/26/27E. We revise TP to Rs1,627 (Rs2,050 earlier) based on 14x avg FY26-27E EPS. Upgrade to ‘ACCUMULATE’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate JSW Steel; target of Rs 1014 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on JSW Steel JSW Steel (JSTL) reported weak consolidated operating performance in 2QFY25 led by sharp fall in NSR, weak exports and muted performance at overseas ops. Average std realization declined 9.5% QoQ on sharp fall in steel prices across regions. Std sales volume declined 2% YoY to 5.3mt, while exports stood at 7% of sales from Indian ops. Overseas ops were affected on weak pricing and maintenance shutdown at Ohio. Ramping up of both Vijayanagar and BPSL blast furnaces is ongoing, which would improve volumes from 4QFY25. With commissioning of iron ore mines in Karnataka, Goa and Odisha, proportion of captive iron ore would increase from 4QFY25. On account of improvement in domestic steel pricing since Oct’24 and lower coking coal prices, margins are expected to improve in 2HFY25. We incorporate lower steel prices, and cut EBITDA by ~6%/3% for FY26E/27E. Outlook We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT growth of 11%/18%/33% over FY24-27E. At CMP, the stock is trading at 7.4x/5.9x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. We maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with revised TP of Rs1,014 (earlier Rs1,106), valuing at 7x EV of Mar’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Chalet Hotels; target of Rs 921 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Chalet Hotels Chalet Hotels reported a decent performance in a non-seasonal quarter with EBITDA margin of 39.7% (PLe 40.9%). After being in single digit for last 2 quarters, RevPAR increased 10% YoY to Rs7,756 allaying concerns surrounding waning pricing power. In the near term, growth in hospitality segment will be driven by operationalization of ~200 rooms in Lonavala &amp;amp; Bangalore. Pipeline for long term is stronger with plans to add to ~840 rooms at Delhi, Navi Mumbai and Goa over the next 3 years. On annuity business as 90% of the portfolio is expected to be leased out by end of FY25E we expect strong traction in leasing income from next year onwards. We broadly maintain our estimates and expect revenue/EBITDA CAGR of 18%/21% over FY24-FY27E. Outlook We maintain our ACCUMULATE rating on the stock with a TP of Rs921 as we value the hotel business at EV/EBITDA multiple of 24x (no change in target multiple), annuity portfolio at a cap rate of 8.5% and the residential project at NAV of Rs29 per share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Indoco Remedies; target of Rs 320 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Indoco Remedies We cut our FY26/FY27E EPS by 19.3%/5.4% to factor in low margins and sales across regulated markets. Our numbers do factor in margin recovery with reduction in remediation cost from Q4FY25. Indoco Remedies’ (INDR) Q2FY25 EBITDA was much below our estimates due to muted US sales and higher expenses. The OAI status for its Goa Unit 2 continues to restrict growth, especially for the US markets. At CMP, the stock is trading at 3.7x EV/domestic sales based on FY25E. Outlook We expect 9% PAT CAGR over FY24-26E. We maintain our ‘Accumulate’ rating with TP of Rs320 valuing at 20x Sep FY26E EPS. Timely resolution of Goa facility Unit 2 is a key for re-rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate ITC; target of Rs 539 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on ITC ITC EBIDTA growth missed estimates due to higher than expected margin pressure in Paper business and impact of demand and cost headwinds in FMCG. Cigarette volumes grew by ~3.3% as ITC continued to invest behind brands and go to market initiatives. FMCG business sales grew 7% (ex of stationary) which although lower than previous years, however seems better than most of its FMCG peers. We remain optimistic on cigarette demand and expect further increase in volume growth; margins are unlikely to improve due to higher leaf tobacco prices. FMCG sales are likely to show slow recovery, margin headwinds are likely in near term due to rising RM price of wheat, edible oils etc. Although Hotels have, a high, base, expect better performance in 2H25 due to uptick in seasonal demand. We believe paper margins will continue to face pressure in near term &amp;amp; expect delayed recovery. We cut our FY 25/26/27 estimates by 4.4%/1.3%/0.6% &amp;amp; estimate 10% EPS CAGR over FY25-27 given pressure in Paper margins &amp;amp; tepid FMCG environment. Outlook ITC trades at 24.5x Sep’26 EPS with ROE/ROCE of 31.6/41.9% and ~80%+ dividend payout. We assign SOTP based target price of Rs539 (Rs541 earlier) based on Sept26. Retain Accumulate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Nuvoco Vistas Corporation; target of Rs 372 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Nuvoco Vistas (NUVOCO) reported weak operating performance in Q2FY25 on sharp 6% YoY decline in volumes due to weak demand in the monsoon quarter. Average NSR declined 2.6% QoQ on weak cement pricing in eastern markets. EBITDA/t declined 30% YoY due to lower operating leverage. Mgmt expects domestic cement demand to improve gradually post festivities, once GoI projects get funding and demand starts rolling in across states. Cost optimization measures such as railway sidings and usage of WHRS are expected to improve EBITDA/t by Rs75 in the near term. Current debt level of the company hinders the growth plan, which we expect would result in market share loss in the medium term. Key things to watch out for: a) spending on infrastructure projects and housing in eastern states, b) stability of pricing amidst rising capacities in the East, and c) early repayment of debt, which is hindering capex plans. Outlook We cut FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 4%/0%/2% on lower volume assumption and expect EBITDA to grow ~7% CAGR over FY24-27E. The stock is trading at EV of 7.8x/7.1x FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ with revised TP of Rs372 (earlier Rs386) valuing at 8x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Pidilite Industries; target of Rs 3339 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Pidilite Industries PIDI has posted a resilient quarter amid otherwise tepid demand environment with 8% UVG and 17.5% PAT growth. B2B continued its growth momentum driven by Industrial &amp;amp; Project verticals whereas B2C faced setback owing to rains &amp;amp; mild slowdown in urban markets. IBD reported improved profitability due to exit from loss making Americas business. Growth outlook remains cautious given monsoon &amp;amp; food inflation. PIDI will continue to benefit from the tailwinds from both residential and commercial Real estate (70% repairs &amp;amp; 30% new construction in sales). PIDI is well placed given continuous innovations, tieups to bring technologically advanced products and 2-3x growth in pioneer and growth categories (45% of sales). Near term margin outlook is positive given benign input costs. Outlook We estimate 14.7% EPS CAGR over FY24-27 and assign DCF based target price of Rs3339 (Rs3454 earlier) which assumes a target valuation multiple of 62xFY27. Retain Accumulate. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Client exodus: ASK Investment Managers lose more than 3700 PMS clients since January [/INST] The full article is as follows: ASK Investment Managers, once a portfolio manager known for garnering loads of money from investors, is now facing challenges to stop investors from walking away and has lost more than 3,700 clients since the start of the current calendar year. Since January, ASK’s portfolio management services (PMS) has lost 3,751 clients, as per data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). This is the highest client outflow among leading portfolio managers during the same period, as per data from PMS Bazaar. Currently the PMS arm of ASK Investment Managers has 12,923 clients across strategies. Distributors are of the view that while Bharat Shah, the whole-time director of ASK Investment Managers, has long been known for his commitment to quality stocks, this focus has led to underperformance in various strategies of ASK Investment Managers, making clients re-think their loyalty. Even the firm’s AUM has come down to Rs 23,952 crore in September from Rs 25,851 crore in January. More importantly, the returns across various sectors are also showing a very subdued picture. ASK Investment Managers' six schemes have given an annualized return of 9-14 percent in the last three years, while the industry average returns are 19.7 percent. We calculated the industry average considering the same benchmark as ASK's schemes which is S&amp;amp;P BSE 500 TRI. The reason for underperformance in ASK’s portfolio, as per industry players, is more to do with the managers’ stock selection philosophy – buying quality stocks. Quality stocks are the ones with solid fundamentals and take into account companies with higher ROE, ROCE, ROA, free cash flow to sales, and others metrics. Incidentally, the last few years haven’t been that great for quality stocks. On the contrary, growth stocks across sectors like PSUs, railways, shipbuilding have shown a solid game. “Past performance is the first thing that investors see. If the recent past performance is not great, investors aren’t keen on staying back,” says Santosh Joseph, founder at Germinate Investor Services, a distributor for ASK Investment Managers. Joseph added that investors can digest 2-3 quarters of underperformance but if the underperformance continues for more than 10 quarters, no investor will be patient. Joseph said that the PMS has tried to do course correction in the last one year by adding reasonably valued stocks in its portfolio, and moving away from overvalued stocks. The intent might be right, however, the manager’s decision had led to a churn of around 80 percent and investors ended up paying more tax on churn for the same, said a Mumbai-based distributor wishing not to be named. This assumes significance as a higher tax on churn lowers returns further. Another possible reason for investors leaving ASK PMS could be a larger AUM, said another ASK distributor on the condition of anonymity. The person added that there is a perception that smaller the AUM, better will be the returns. Plus, PMS firms with smaller AUMs are able to offer certain niche, so investors many-a-times prefer such firms over the larger ones. ASK Investment Managers did not respond to the queries sent by Moneycontrol.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Godrej Consumer Products; target of Rs 1670: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Godrej Consumer Products With 2% y/y consolidated revenue growth (vs. the Street’s estimated 1%) and Rs7.6bn EBITDA (Rs7.5bn), Godrej Consumer’s Q2 was broadly in line with expectations. The 7% domestic volume growth despite urban slowdown and adverse weather and 7% volume growth in Indonesia were encouraging. Management spoke of steady progress in launches (with huge potential): liquid detergent (Fab) and a new-molecule-based antimosquito range (GoodKnight agarbatti, LV). It continues to focus on more volumes, international margins and consistently growing cashflow. We introduce FY27e and slightly lower, 3%/2%, our FY25e/FY26e EPS to factor in higher palm oil prices and the tax rate for FY25. Outlook We retain a Buy and 12-mth Rs1,670 TP, 52x FY27e EPS (60x FY26e EPS earlier), attributing the multiple to potential from launches/businesses. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dixon Technologies; target of Rs 17,750: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Dixon Technologies The good growth momentum from Q1 continued for Dixon in Q2, largely from the cell-phone category. Backward integration in mobiles via screen manufacturing is underway while tie-ups for camera modules and mechanicals is being explored. These efforts should bear fruit from FY27. Focusing on scaling up laptops, it onboarded four clients, which control ~70-75% of the market. A manufacturing plantfor this is being set up, which should provide medium-term revenue assurance. The good growth outlook and margin expansion should drive RoCE to 40.4% by FY27, from 28.2% now. Outlook We retain our Buy recommendation with a higher TP of Rs.17,750. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Texmaco Rail share price soars 6% as Q2 net profit nearly triples YoY, margins increase [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Texmaco Rail &amp;amp; Engineering Ltd jumped up to 6 percent after the railway firm reported stellar earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's net profit surged nearly triple, rising 195 percent year-on-year to Rs 74.1 crore. Texmaco's revenue climbed 67 percent YoY to Rs 1,346 crore in Q2 FY25. The railway firm's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA), rose 74 percent to Rs 132 crore and the Ebitda margin expanded to 9.8 percent from 9.5 percent in the same period last year. At 1:14 pm, Texmaco Rail shares were trading over 4 percent higher at Rs 205.83 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 18 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 68 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Following the earnings announcement, the company said it successfully completed the acquisition of Jindal Rail Infrastructure Ltd. (JRIL) on September 3, 2024, and the company has now been renamed Texmaco West Rail Limited. It was acquired for Rs 614 crore, and the transaction represented an FY24 EV/EBITDA multiple of 8.1x. This acquisition positions Texmaco as a market leader in the freight car industry. During the first half of the year, Texmaco achieved the highest-ever freight car sales in its history, having sold 5,301 freight cars. &quot;With the acquisition of Jindal Rail &amp;amp; Infrastructure Ltd., we have attained a leadership position in the freight car manufacturing industry. During Q2 FY24, we delivered 2,927 freight cars, with 72% to Indian Railways and 28% to private customers and export markets,&quot; said Sudipta Mukherjee, Managing Director.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Finolex Industries; target of Rs 2973 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Finolex Industries CLGT delivered double-digit revenue growth led by ~8% volume growth with broad based growth across brands and segments. Core portfolio led by Colgate MaxFresh and Colgate Strong Teeth reported strong growth supplemented by double-digit sales growth in toothbrush. However, we believe best of growth momentum is behind as 1) urban demand is showing signs of slowdown 2) promotional intensity in oral care is rising and 3) pricing gains would be limited in near term due to earlier price hikes and rising promotional intensity. We cut FY25/26/27 estimates by 4.3%/1.3%/0.8% as phase of fast margin expansion (690bps) led by higher gross margins seems coming to an end (450bps in last 4 years). CLGT continues to create growth levers with 1) driving toothpaste category penetration by twice a day usage in urban India 2) science-based innovations with Total and Colgate strong teeth and 3) build personal care portfolio in body/hand/face wash. Outlook We expect volume growth to settle to mid-single digits with mid to high single sales growth. We estimate 9.1% EPS CAGR over FY24-27. We value CLGT at 48x Sep-26 EPS (50x FY26 EPS earlier) and assign a target of Rs2973 (Rs3130 earlier). CLGT trades at 52x Sep-26 EPS. Retain Reduce. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Praj Industries shares drop 5% after Q2 earnings show disappoints [/INST] The full article is as follows: Praj Industries shares dropped nearly 5 percent on October 28 as investors dumped the stock after the company's disappointing earnings performance for the September quarter. The company's net profit slipped 14 percent on year to Rs 53.83 crore as compared to Rs 62.37 crore in the same period last fiscal. Revenue also dipped close to 7.5 percent on year to Rs 816.19 crore, down from Rs 882.33 crore in the base period. At 12.19 pm, shares of Praj Industries were trading at Rs 699.30 on the NSE, though firm in the red, but still sharply off its day's low of Rs 677.55. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Order intake for the September quarter came at Rs 921 crore, up from Rs 888 crore in the previous quarter, though slightly below Rs 1,063 crore from the same period last year. “The bioenergy segment is progressing well, with growth across multiple fronts and strong order and enquiry inflows from international markets, services, and engineering verticals in the first half of the year,&quot; Praj Industries CEO Shishir Joshipura said in an exchange filing. “Our commitment to R&amp;amp;D-backed solutions will keep us aligned with our growth ambitions,” Joshipura added. The stock has remained under pressure in the past month, shedding over 13 percent of its value during the period. Trading volumes in the counter were also higher than the one-week average, which further added pressure on the stock. As much as nine lakh shares changed hands on the exchanges so far, higher than the one-week daily traded average of six lakh shares.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bandhan Bank surges 9% on healthy Q2 performance, brokerages retain bullish stance [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bandhan Bank surged over 9 percent to Rs 184 per share on October 28 after registering robust July-September quarter (Q2FY25) led by 30 percent on-year rise in net profit. Brokerages were impressed by the results and retained their 'buy' calls, seeing up to 36 percent upside potential. Macquarie shared an 'outperform' call on Bandhan Bank and put out highest target price at Rs 250 per share. Given current valuations, analysts believe that the risk-reward appears favourable on account of growth and return-on-asset (RoA) trajectory. Jefferies, too, retained their 'buy' rating on the private lender and shared target price at Rs 240 apiece. Analysts not only commended beat Q2 profit, but also quality of micro-finance loans. &quot;The quality of MFI loans confirms our assessment that the company can outperform peers in this MFI cycle. The rise in slippages and overdues are manageable with limited earnings impact,&quot; they added. ALSO READ: Bandhan Bank clocks 30% YoY growth in net profit, NPAs worsen QoQ On the other hand, Nomura upgraded Bandhan Bank to 'neutral' and assigned target price at Rs 180 per share. The lender exhibited steady Q2 amid tough environment. The stock reflected benign valuations but challenging MFI sector outlook is cautionary. Bandhan Bank reported 30 percent YoY surge in net profit to Rs 937 crore in Q2FY25, while net interest income (NII) increased by 21 percent YoY to Rs 2,948 crore. Meanwhile, the lender's net interest margin (NIM) improved slightly to 7.4 percent in the second quarter from 7.2 percent in the year-ago period. The lender's deposit base showed healthy growth, with total deposits reaching Rs 1.4 lakh crore, up 27 percent YoY in Q2FY25. Gross advances also grew by 21 percent YoY to Rs 1.3 lakh crore in Q2FY25.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Colgate Palmolive India; target of Rs 3067: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Colgate Palmolive India For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 10.1% YoY (+8.2% QoQ) to INR 16,191 Mn, which is in line with our estimates of 0.8%. The YoY growth was led by high single-digit volume. EBITDA increased 3.2% YoY (-2.2% QoQ) to INR 4,974 Mn, missing our estimate, mainly due to higher than estimated operating expenses. EBITDA margin decreased by 206 bps YoY (-325 bps QoQ) to 30.7%. Net profit increased 16.2% YoY (+8.5% QoQ) to INR 3,951 Mn which is largely in line with our estimate. The Board declared a first interim Dividend of INR.24/ share for the FY24-25E. We lower our FY25E/FY26E Adj. EPS estimate by 3.0%/6.0%, respectively, due to subdued demand, elevated ad spending, and a challenging environment. Outlook We maintain a P/E multiple of 51.0x, resulting in a target price of INR 3,067 per share (previously: INR 3,265). We maintain our “REDUCE” rating for Colgate-Palmolive Ltd shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Finolex Industries; target of Rs 302 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Finolex Industries P&amp;amp;F reported decent volume increase of 10.2% YoY in a seasonally weak quarter for agri business. The management indicated its non-agri (urban) segment volume grew by (+9-10% YoY) and agri segment by (+12% YoY). The company has guided for volume growth of 10-12% in FY25, which leads to 16- 20% volume growth in H2FY25. EBIT/kg for the P&amp;amp;F segment rose to Rs5.6 with improvement in PVC-EDC spread, which decreased to USD509/MT (vs USD 533/571/MT in Q1FY25/Q2FY24), with operational efficiency and controlled discounts. We estimate revenue/EBITDA/adj PAT CAGR of 11.7%/16.4%/17.5% for FY24-27E with P&amp;amp;F volume CAGR of 13.1% and EBITDA margin of 15.4% by FY27E. Outlook We have downward revised our earnings estimates for FY25E/FY26E/FY27E by 10.4%/6.7%/4.5% and maintain ‘HOLD’ rating with revised TP of Rs302 (Rs288 earlier), based on 22x FY27E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold V.I.P. Industries; target of Rs 494 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on V.I.P. Industries VIP reported weak performance with an adjusted bottom-line loss of Rs366mn (PLe loss of Rs215mn) led by deterioration in GM amid heavy discounting on ecom channel. For FY25E, we expect loss of Rs219mn despite penciling 9.2% topline growth and Gross/EBITDA margin of 47.4%/8.7% in 2HFY25E. For FY26E/FY27E we cut our EPS estimates by ~10% as we re-align our interest cost assumptions given deleveraging timeline has been delayed. Unless slow moving SL inventory is fully liquidated within next 1-2 quarters warehousing, freight and interest cost will remain high pressurizing profitability. Further, predatory pricing on e-com has impacted off-take in traditional channels acting as an hindrance towards growth. Outlook Given these twin challenges, we expect sales CAGR of 8.3% over FY24-FY27E with EBITDA margin of 6.3%/15.6%/16.0% in FY25E/FY26E/FY27E. Retain HOLD on the stock with a TP of Rs494 (30x FY27E EPS; no change in target multiple). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Westlife Foodworld; target of Rs 797 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Westlife Foodworld We cut FY25/26/27 EPS estimates by 65/35/35% following sustained pressure on demand resulting in a decline of 6.5% in SSG and impact of reverse operating leverage. Sales were affected by sustained poor sentiments in some geographies (70-80 stores) led by Geopolitical issues, which are waning off at a very slow pace. We expect WFL to return to positive SSG by fag end of 3Q given low base, however higher overheads on new stores and accelerated store openings will continue to impact profitability. We note that sales/store/Qtr has declined to ~15.3mn from a peak of Rs18mn and recovery seems delayed given heighted competition and recent rise in food inflation. WFL, which earlier had no impact of RM inflation, is facing challenges amid increase in prices of edible oils and fresh produce due to weather variations. Outlook We assign DCF based target price of Rs797 (Rs889 earlier). Retain Hold; recovery in demand is a key risk to our call. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Metro Brands; target of Rs 1208 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Metro Brands We cut our FY25/26/27 EPS estimates by 3.1/4.6/5.1% given 1) below estimate revenue/earnings led by tepid demand 2) drag in margins amid selling fila inventory at extreme discounts 3) lower revenue guidance for FY25 from 12- 15% to 10-15% and 4) BIS issues affecting high-end international brand imports. However, MBL operating parameters are on track with 1) addition of 3 new cities in 2Q (2 in Q1) 2) increase in online/ Omni channel salience to ~11.4% of sales and 3) increase in share of &amp;gt;3000 MRP sales by 3ppt YoY to ~53% of sales. Long- term growth strategy is in place led by 1) geographical and store expansion (225 stores in 2 years) 2) brands licenses/acquisitions (Crocs, Fitflop, Birkenstock, New Era) 3) re-launch and scale up in FILA/ footlocker from FY25/26. We believe that valuations at 62.7xFY27 do not leave any upside in near term. Outlook We retain Hold, with back ended returns expectations in the current volatile demand scenario. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BOB Share Price: Bank of Baroda stock soars 6% on solid Q2 earnings show, strong asset quality [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bank of Baroda soared as much as 6 percent on October 28 after the lender delivered a strong earnings performance for the July-September quarter, marked by its strongest asset quality in at least 10 years. At 11.55 am, shares of Bank of Baroda were trading at Rs 251.56 on the NSE. The strong quarterly show also tipped off a spike in volumes in the counter as two crore shares changed hands on the exchanges so far, double the one-month daily traded average of one crore shares. The lender's net profit stood at Rs 5,238 crore in Q2, marking a 23.2 percent year-on-year growth from Rs 4,253 crore in the same period last fiscal. The bank reported a net interest income of Rs 11,622 crore, a 7.3 percent increase from Rs 10,831 crore in Q2FY24. The lender's asset quality also improved to the strongest in at least quarters as the gross non-performing assets (GNPA) ratio slipped to to 2.50 percent in Q2, sharply down from 3.32 percent in the base period. Similarly, the net non-performing assets (NNPA) ratio came down to 0.60 percent from 0.76 percent in the previous year. Brokerage firm HSBC has maintained a &quot;hold&quot; call on Bank of Baroda with a target of Rs 270, noting that the bank's strong Q2 non-core income offset pressures from net interest margin (NIM) compression, weaker fee income, and ad hoc provisions. Going ahead, though HSBC expects stable operating profitability from FY25-27 it also believes that credit cost normalisation may impact return on assets (RoA). Nomura, on the other hand, kept its a &quot;buy&quot; rating on the stock with a target of Rs 290, citing healthy RoA (Reutrn on Assets) performance in Q2 and stable asset quality, which it believes supports a favorable risk-reward profile. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Nomura also projects an RoA of 1.1 percent and return on equity (RoE) of 15-16 percent for Bank of Baroda through FY25-27. Meanwhile, the lender's domestic deposits grew by 7.1 percent in Q2 to Rs 11,50,791 crore, while international deposits surged 21.2 percent to Rs 2,12,695 crore, bringing total global deposits to Rs 13.63 lakh crore—up 9.1 percent on year. Retail advances also showcased 20 percent growth to Rs 2,32,311 crore. Domestic gross advances rose by 12.5 percent to Rs 9,38,883 crore, with international advances also up by 7.6 percent to Rs 2.04 lakh crore. “This has been a strong quarter from a topline and bottomline point of view,&quot; Debdatta Chand, MD &amp;amp; CEO of Bank of Baroda said in an exchange filing. Looking ahead, he anticipates deposit growth of 9-11 percent for FY25, a slight reduction from the earlier guidance of 10-11 percent. The bank also aims to keep its margin guidance steady at 3.15 percent, ± 5 basis points for FY25, with a slippage ratio target between 1-1.25 percent for the fiscal year. Additionally, Chand noted that the bank expects to contain credit costs below 0.75 percent for FY25, with retail advances projected to grow by around 20 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Petronet LNG; target of Rs 272 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Petronet LNG Petronet LNG reported an EBITDA of Rs12bn (down 23.2% QoQ, PLe: Rs12.3bn, BBGe: Rs13bn)in Q2FY25, while PAT came in at Rs8.5bn (down 25.8% QoQ, PLe: Rs8.3bn, BBGe: Rs8.9bn). Total volume declined 8.8% QoQ to 239 TBtu due to lower regas volume. Dahej terminal’s capacity utilization stood at 98%. The management expects the terminal to continue operating at 95-100% utilization going ahead. However, we remain negative on the stock given the expensive valuations. PLNG is likely to face competition with commissioning of upcoming LNG terminals. Outlook Increasing domestic gas supply and underutilization of its Kochi terminal remain another challenge. Additionally, capex on its petrochemical project is likely to be margin dilutive (Link). We maintain ‘Sell’ rating with a TP of Rs272 based on 10x avg FY26-27 EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy R R Kabel; target of Rs 2151 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on R R Kabel We downward revise our FY25/FY26/FY27E earnings estimates by 14.2%/1.1%/1.2% on account of weak margins in W&amp;amp;C, subdued volume growth and losses in FMEG segment in Q2FY25. R R Kabel (RRKABL) reported moderate revenue growth of 12.5% YoY due to soft W&amp;amp;C revenue growth of 11.1% due to weak demand and channel destocking with fluctuation in RM prices. The company reported ~3.8% volume growth in Q2FY25 and expects healthy growth (15%+) in H2FY25, driven by both W&amp;amp;C businesses with focused approach to capture demand from infrastructure and emerging sectors. Outlook The company expects 8-8.5% EBITDA margin in W&amp;amp;C segment in H2FY25 and EBITDA breakeven in FMEG segment by Q1FY26. We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 21.8%/29.7%/32.5% over FY24-27E. Maintain ‘BUY’ with revised TP of Rs2,151 (Rs2,178 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Aster DM Healthcare; target of Rs 500 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Aster DM Healthcare ASTER DM Healthcare’s (ASTERDM) Q2 consolidated EBITDA grew strongly by 51% YoY to Rs2.2bn, 18% above our estimate. Our FY25-27E EBITDA estimate stands increased by 4-9% as we factor in higher margins across clusters. ASTERDM India’s EBITDA has increased sharply over the last 3 years (29% CAGR over FY22-24). We estimate 27% EBITDA CAGR over FY24-27E aided by scale-up in margins, healthy ARPOB and bed additions. Outlook At current market price, the stock is trading at 26x and 21x EV/EBITDA on FY26E and FY27E, respectively, adjusted for minority stake and rental. We maintain ‘Buy’ rating with revised TP of Rs500, valuing at 26x (23x earlier) EV/EBITDA on Sep2026E EBITDA as we roll forward. Utilization of proceeds, possible merger with any PE player and timely expansion will be key monitorables in the near term. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient; target of Rs 2120 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Cyient CYL reported strong recovery in Q2 after dismal performance in Q1. DET Revenue grew by 1.3% QoQ CC &amp;amp; 2% QoQ largely inline with our est. Growth was broad based across segments excl. Sustainability due to seasonality of Citec business. DET EBIT margin improved by ~70 bps QoQ to 14.2% inline of our est. of 14.1% despite the wage hike, aided by revenue growth &amp;amp; operational efficiency. Order intake remained weak at US$ 156.8 mn, down 14.2% QoQ. Consolidated rev. came at US$ 220.7 mn, up 9.9% QoQ while consolidated EBIT margin came at 12.5%, up 60 bps QoQ. Consolidated PAT came at INR 1.79 bn, up 24.7% QoQ. Outlook However, the stock has corrected meaningfully over the last few sessions, hence the in-expensive valuations gives us comfort to turn positive on this name. Upgrade to BUY (earlier ACCUMULATE). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndusInd Bank; target of Rs 1600 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on IndusInd Bank We trim core PAT for FY25/26E by 11.7%/8.5% driven by (1) reduction in FY25 NIM and (2) cut in fees. IIB saw a weak quarter as NII, fees and asset quality disappointed leading to 14% miss on core PAT. Reported NIM declined QoQ by 17bps due to 26bps fall in loan yields led by (1) sharp decline in higher yielding MFI (2) rise in share of lower yielding CCB and (3) LDR reduction. Muted loan growth at 13.2% YoY was a function lower CFD growth due to sharp QoQ decline of 11.7% in MFI portfolio. 30-90 DPD pool in MFI has inched up QoQ from 2% to 4%. IIB created buffer provisions of Rs5.25bn towards likely stress from MFI and ECL implementation. Bank expects disbursals in MFI to pick-up once environment improves suggesting that yield reversion to normalcy may not be immediate. Outlook We roll forward to Sep’26 ABV but cut multiple to 1.6x from 1.7x and trim TP to Rs1,600 from Rs1750. Retain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ACC; target of Rs 3262 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on ACC ACC reported in-line operating performance in 2QFY25 led by higher volume growth. Volumes grew 15% YoY to 9.3mt aided by higher trade volume and better growth in premium products. Average NSR declined 1.6% QoQ as cement prices declined across regions, due to weak demand amidst monsoon. However, due to higher share of traded goods, EBITDA was in line with PLe as rest of the costs were largely in-line. Operating costs declined YoY, but was largely in line with peers; the impact of cost saving measures is still awaited. In 2HFY25, demand is expected to improve aided by infrastructure projects leading to higher industry utilization, and pricing would follow suit. With Adani Group’s superior execution capabilities, we expect not only improved pace of capacity addition but also higher capex on efficiency improvement for ACC units. Cement capacity is expected to grow to 44.2mtpa (incl ACCPL) by FY26E. Outlook We cut FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 9%/8%/3% on lower pricing assumptions and expect EBITDA to grow at a CAGR of 8% over FY24-27E. The stock is currently trading at 11x/10.1x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘BUY’ with revised TP of Rs3,262 (Rs3,457 earlier) valuing at long-term EV multiple of 15x Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DCB Bank; target of Rs 155 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on DCB Bank DCBB saw a mixed quarter. Core PAT was lower than PLe by 9.0%, led by lower margins and higher provisions. However, loan growth was better than PLe by 1%, and fee income has also improved. Guidance to double loans over 3-4 years is intact, and credit growth would be led by mortgages, MSME, gold, co-lending and AIB. The bank would like to increase ticket size to Rs4-5mn from ~Rs3.0mn, which would further support growth. As per DCB Bank, reported NIM at 3.27% may have bottomed out and is guided to improve led by better loan mix, liquidity management and collection efficiency, and stable funding cost. Outlook While we are factoring core RoA of 0.75-0.80% over FY25-27E, tighter cost control is a key for operating leverage to benefit RoA, considering opex to assets is elevated at 2.7-2.8%. We roll forward to Sep’26 ABV, but as we trim multiple to 0.9x from 1.0x, our TP reduces to Rs155 from Rs180. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Nippon Life India Asset Management; target of Rs 820 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Nippon Life India Asset Management NAM saw a good quarter with core income 2% higher due to 2.7% beat on revenue led by better blended yields as equity share inched up by 1.3% QoQ, while debt/liquid declined by 50/76bps. As per NAM, profitability would be preferred over market share, suggesting that incremental net flows would be compromised if they dilute yields. Led by better performance, net equity flow market share that rose from 5.3% in FY23 to 12% in FY24, is sustaining well. Hence, equity market share further expanded to 7.0% (+8bps QoQ). We raise core EPS for FY25E/FY26E by 10%/5% due to upgrade in FY25E closing equity AuM for the industry from 27% earlier to 40% since equity growth from MarSep’24 has been strong at 30% (8% flows and 22% MTM). Outlook Over FY24-26E, we see healthy core PAT CAGR of 28% (earlier 25%). Stock is valued at 28x on Sep’26 core EPS. We maintain multiple at 33x, but raise TP to Rs820 from Rs700 as we roll forward to Sep’26 core EPS. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Eris Lifesciences; target of Rs 1420 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Eris Lifesciences Eris Lifesciences’ (ERIS) Q2FY25 EBITDA was in line with our estimate (Rs2.65bn; 46% YoY). Eris has opted for inorganic route to diversify and scale up existing portfolio. This has been implemented without diluting margins. We expect margins to sustain at +35% as revenue scales up from recent acquisitions, which are currently operating at sub-optimal profitability. The company has multiple growth levers such as broad-based offerings in the derma segment, opportunities in the cardiometabolic market with patent expirations and benefits of operating leverage, as revenue scales up from these acquisitions. Outlook Our FY25 and FY26E EBITDA broadly remain unchanged. We maintain ‘BUY’ rating with revised TP of Rs1,420 (valuing at 16x EV/EBITDA on Sep’26E) as we roll forward. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 315 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bank of Baroda BOB saw a decent quarter as (1) core PPoP was higher owing to chunky TWO recovery of Rs25bn and (2) asset quality improved materially on account of reduction in GNPA by 38bps to 2.5% led by lower net slippages due to healthy recoveries. Lower NII/NIM and fees were offset by softer opex and adjusted for the TWO recovery, core PPoP was largely in-line. Due to a constrained deposit environment, the bank has cut its loan/deposit guidance for FY25E by 1% to 11- 13%/9-11%. NIM was a miss due to RBI circular of penal interest and fall in overseas NIM owing to repricing. Due to healthy recovery trends and higher write-offs, we trim GNPA for FY26/27E, but raise provisions by 3/5bps. Outlook Hence, core PAT reduces by ~2%, but ABV increases by ~3.7%. Stock is valued at 0.9/0.8x on FY26/27 ABV (20% discount to SBI). We tweak multiple to 1.1x from 1.2x, but increase TP to Rs315 from Rs300 as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Bank; target of Rs 1640 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on ICICI Bank ICICIB saw a strong quarter yet again as core PPoP/PAT beat PLe due to better fees and opex. Considering the deposit and asset quality environment, earnings quality has been the best in the sector. Deposit growth was stronger at 5.0% QoQ compared to 3% for the system and CASA accretion of 4.3% QoQ was superior to larger peers. While unsecured pool is seeing stress across the system, the bank’s portfolio has performed better in H1FY25 compared to large private peers as reflected in best-in-class provisions of 43bps (private peers 50-78bps). Hence, provisions over FY24-27E may be lower at 40-50bps (peers 50-65bps). Outlook The bank is consistently delivering on protecting core PPoP as the softer NIM environment is being countered by cost control measures. Core RoA of 2.1% is the best in class. Keeping multiple at 3.0x, we raise SOTP-based TP to Rs1,640 from Rs1,520 as we roll forward to Sep’26 core ABV. Reiterate ‘BUY’ For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UTI Asset Management Company; target of Rs 1320 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on UTI Asset Management Company UTIAM saw a good quarter as revenue beat PLe by 2.2% led by higher blended yields at 43.4bps (PLe 42.6bps) as AMC yield was up by 0.8bp QoQ to 34.7bps led by healthy equity growth of 11.2%. Equity performance in 1-yr bucket has been consistently improving since Mar’24, and 11 of 18 equity funds are in quartile 1 &amp;amp; 2 compared to 6 in Mar’24. Hence, equity market share decline has been arrested. Staff cost is being controlled since Q1FY22 and as per UTIAM, it may grow by 4% on consol level; other opex is likely to grow by 10-12%. Due to operating leverage, we envisage opex/AuM to fall from 28bps to 21bps over FY24-27E. Outlook We raise core EPS for FY25E/FY26E by 21%/15% due to upgrade in FY25E closing equity AuM for the industry from 27% earlier to 40%. Over FY24- 26E, we see healthy core PAT CAGR of 27%. Stock is valued at 13.8x suggesting a 51% discount to NAM. Rolling forward to Sep’26 core EPS, we maintain multiple at 17.5x, but increase TP to Rs1,320 from Rs1,050. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DLF stock zooms 6% as Q2 net profit more than doubles; brokerages bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of India's largest realty firm DLF surged over 5 percent on October 28 after the company reported a 121 percent YoY jump in its consolidated net profit at Rs 1,387 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's consolidated revenue surged 48 percent YoY to Rs 2,181 crore during the period under review. Morgan Stanley has issued an equal-weight call on DLF, setting a target price of Rs 910 per share. The brokerage noted that the company's pre-sales in the second quarter fell short of expectations due to delays in obtaining necessary approvals. The market's attention is now focused on the launch of the LUX5 project this quarter. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action DLF is confident in achieving a revenue target of Rs 17,000 crore for FY25, with the LUX5 project expected to contribute significantly in Q2 and the Mumbai project in Q4. The LUX5 project, which boasts a gross margin of 70 percent, is anticipated to help sustain DLF's development margin above 40 percent, the brokerage said. According to analysts at Nuvama, DLF is emerging as a key beneficiary of the ongoing sector consolidation. It boasts an attractive rental portfolio that has grown steadily despite the pandemic. Besides, the company has a revamped balance sheet, which is likely to generate better cash flows, and, thus, it is likely to be a key beneficiary of ongoing sector consolidation, the brokerage noted. &quot;We believe new launch trajectory will be a key trigger for the stock. With limited inventory levels, the company needs a steady stream of launches in order to maintain a healthy sales trajectory,&quot; Nuvama said as it recommended 'buy' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,081, derived by ascribing a 25 percent premium to its Q2FY27E NAV of Rs 864. At 10:45 am, DLF shares were trading over 6 percent higher at Rs 827.25 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 14 percent so far this year, slightly outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 50 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Laurus Labs; target of Rs 489: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Laurus Labs Laurus Labs’ revenue missed our estimate due to weak demand in the Generic API segment. The profitability missed our estimates significantly due to operating deleverage and lower utilization. • We believe the performance will improve in H2FY25E as its newly established facilities will ramp up and additional CDMO orders will be delivered. • We lower our FY26E EPS estimates by 5.5%, due to subdued demand in the Generic API segment while we maintain the P/E multiple of 36.6x on FY26E EPS of INR 13.4 (previously: INR 14.1) to arrive at a target price of INR 489/share (previously: INR 516/share). The demand for Generic API is reduced due to increased competition, and the challenge is to effectively manage the huge upfront costs invested. The company has to ensure that new projects will pick up as planned and start generating revenue to improve operating leverage in the coming quarters. Outlook We believe performance will improve in H2FY25E as its newly established facilities will ramp up and additional CDMO orders will be delivered so we maintain a P/E multiple of 36.6x on FY26E EPS of INR 13.4 (previously: INR 14.1) to arrive at a target price of INR 489/share (previously: INR 516/share). The demand for Generic API is reduced due to increased competition, and the challenge is to effectively manage the huge upfront costs invested. The company has to ensure that new projects will pick up as planned and start generating revenue to improve operating leverage in the coming quarters. Given the 5.4% upside, we reduce our rating to “ACCUMULATE” from “BUY” on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali 2024: Tepid returns, higher volatility expected as multiple concerns loom this Samvat 2081 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian markets have enjoyed a remarkable rally over the past four and a half years since the pandemic-driven lows of March 2020. The benchmark indices have avoided any prolonged downtrend or significant correction during this period. A strong earnings growth of 24 percent in Nifty-50 stocks between FY21 and FY24, combined with increasing retail investor participation, both directly in equities and indirectly through SIPs in mutual funds and insurance, has led to a broad-based re-rating of stocks. Also read: IDFC First Bank shares crash 9% after reporting 73% fall in Q2 net profit But this time around analysts don't seem to be excited as a host of domestic and foreign concerns are weighing on the Indian markets. &quot;After a nearly 28 percent rise in the Nifty since last Diwali, expectations for the coming year are for moderate returns, accompanied by higher volatility,&quot; HDFC Securities said in a recent note on Diwali. But what's causing the anxiety? Chinese stocks have seen a sharp rebound following recent fiscal and monetary stimulus measures, diverting some investment flows away from India. Furthermore, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and US Presidential Elections possibly dictating the economic outlook are all weighing on market sentiment. As for domestic triggers, a key concern lingers around how earnings growth will pan out this year. Read more: ICICI Bank top Nifty gainer as steady Q2 impresses brokerages, see up to 28% upside potential &quot;We are cautiously optimistic at the moment due to various domestic and foreign factors and rich valuations. While strong flows from local investors are safeguarding the market, FIIs selling is a negative for the market,&quot; Kranthi Bathini, Director of Equity Strategy at WealthMills Securities, said in a conversation with Moneycontrol. He also added that investors are increasingly becoming cautious because of high valuations. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Bathini said that a potential earnings disappointment could be the next trigger for a market correction in the coming weeks, as Indian companies begin reporting their July-September 2024 (Q2-FY25) results. To be sure, Bajaj Auto's recent caution on sluggish two-wheeler sales during the festive season has already sparked concerns. Analysts warn that the mid-and small-cap segments, which have rallied significantly over the past 12 to 18 months, could face sharper declines if earnings fail to meet expectations. In this uncertain phase, market movement is expected to be stock-specific, rewarding companies that deliver strong results. After a strong performance in Samvat 2080, where the midcap and smallcap indices surged 46 percent and 43 percent respectively on the NSE, analysts believe the rally in these segments may take a breather in Samvat 2081. V K Vijayakumar of Geojit Financial Services says that the current trend of largecaps outperforming mid and smallcaps is expected to continue. He cautions against rushing to buy beaten-down mid and small-caps, as a large number of stocks could be under pressure because of rich valuations and high possibility of earnings disappointments. For investors, the advice is to tread carefully. Large caps, with their relative stability and attractive valuations, are seen as a safer bet right now. Experts recommend a wait-and-watch approach, focusing on companies with clear earnings visibility for the coming quarters and only investing in those that meet or exceed expectations. &quot;Last Diwali was forgiving investors even if they had poor quality stocks in their portfolio, this time due to sentiment turning quite negative, there's little room for error, &quot; Bathini added. Which sectors are looking attractive? Financials: After a relative underperformance over the past year, the banking and financial sector stocks have attractive valuations at display. Meanwhile, the Q2 has been largely impressive with Axis Bank being a case in point. Following a stellar rise, a host of brokerages including Nomura and Goldman Sachas have dished out bullish calls on the counter. A key reason is that banks have been underperformers and have missed the rally over the past two years, despite strong profitability and historically healthy balance sheets. Experts suggest that RBI’s rate cut would help lenders to improve their margins. Bathini suggests HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, and Axis Bank as his top picks. IT: With the outcome of the US Presidential Elections on the horizon, investors will likely get a clearer picture of the outlook. However, valuations are still attractive and a buy-on-dip strategy works best for the sector. Furthermore, a further cut by the Federal Reserve will also bode well for IT companies. The Nifty IT Index, rallying over 26 percent in the past six months, has fared better due to Q2 results, which were marginally better than Q1 and due to a slight upgrade in margin outlook. Management continues to project a positive view due to increasing AI-based deals and improvement in the BFSI segment, especially in the US. AI is expected to be a driver in the long term. TCS, Wipro and Infosys could lead gains this Diwali.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 28, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks Farmers in Maharashtra have sown rabi crops over 192,938 hectares as of Tuesday, down 41.5% from 329,971 hectares sown in the corresponding period last year, according to a report released by the state government's agriculture department. The normal rabi acreage for the period, which is an average of five years, from 2016 to 2021, is 5.4 million hectares. The area sown under wheat so far was 930 hectares, up from 384 hectares sown in the same period last year, the report showed. The acreage under maize has also risen to 28,047 hectares from 24,433 hectares a year ago. The acreage under jowar is down to 155,676 hectares from 292,174 hectares. The acreage under pulses was 7,964 hectares, down from 12,330 hectares last year, according to the data. The area sown under bengal gram, or desi chana, fell to 7,678 hectares from 12,215 hectares a year ago. Chana is one of the major rabi crops grown in Maharashtra. The area sown under oilseeds as of Tuesday fell to 275 hectares from 634 hectares last year, the report said. The acreage under safflower was 187 hectares, down from 590 hectares a year ago. The acreage under sunflower was 46 hectares, up from 17 hectares last year. The water level in dams across Maharashtra is 88.3% of the live storage capacity as of Friday, compared with 74.1% a year ago, according to data from the state water resources department. The country got an average rainfall of 18.4 mm in the week ended Wednesday, 23% above the normal rainfall of 15.0 mm for the period, the India Meteorological Department said. Two out of four homogeneous regions in the country received above-normal showers during the week, the weather bureau said. Central India received 97% above-normal showers during the week at 18.6 mm. Subdivisions such as west Madhya Pradesh, the Gujarat region, Saurashtra and Kutch, Konkan and Goa, central Maharashtra, Marathwada, and Vidarbha recorded large excess rainfall due to heavy rains in these regions. The South peninsula recorded 51.7 mm rain, 56% higher than the normal rainfall for the period, the data showed. Rainfall in northwest India recorded a 79% deficit during the week at 1.0 mm. Similarly, east and northeast India received 54% below-normal rainfall at 10.7 mm during the week, the agency said. Of the 36 subdivisions in the country, rainfall was &quot;normal&quot; in five and &quot;excess&quot; in one during the week. Rainfall was &quot;large excess&quot; in 12 subdivisions, while it was &quot;deficient&quot; in eight. The rainfall was &quot;large deficient&quot; in nine subdivisions. One subdivision received no rain during the week. Since Oct. 1, India has received 65.2 mm of rainfall, 3% above the normal level of 63.2 mm for the period. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: YES Bank Share Price: YES Bank soars 10% as profit jumps over two-fold YoY in Q2FY25 [/INST] The full article is as follows: YES Bank's stock soared 10 percent to Rs 21.3 per share on October 28, following the announcement of stronger-than-expected results for the July-September quarter (Q2FY25). The bank posted a remarkable two-fold year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit, reaching Rs 553 crore in Q2FY25, compared to Rs 225 crore in the same period last year. Net interest income (NII) also registered solid growth, rising 14.3 percent YoY to Rs 2,200 crore from Rs 1,925 crore in Q2FY24. On the asset quality front, YES Bank reported a marginal improvement, with its gross non-performing asset (GNPA) ratio at 1.6 percent in Q2FY25, compared to 1.7 percent in the previous quarter. The net NPA ratio held steady at 0.5 percent. The bank’s cost-to-income ratio improved to 73 percent in Q2FY25 from 74.4 percent in Q2FY24 and 74.3 percent in Q1FY25. Returns on assets (RoA) for the quarter stood at 0.5 percent, up from 0.2 percent in Q2FY24 and consistent with the previous quarter. ALSO READ: YES Bank’s 35-40% retail fresh slippages came from unsecured portfolio in Q2FY25, says CEO Prashant Kumar YES Bank reported robust deposit growth, with total deposits rising 18.3 percent YoY to Rs 2.7 lakh crore and 4.6 percent quarter-on-quarter (QoQ). The current and savings account (CASA) ratio improved to 32 percent, compared to 29.4 percent a year ago and 30.8 percent in the previous quarter, indicating healthy retail deposit growth. Commenting on the results, MD &amp;amp; CEO Prashant Kumar expressed optimism, stating, “Our Q2FY25 performance is encouraging, especially amid ongoing industry challenges. We have sustained deposit momentum alongside a healthy CASA ratio of 32 percent, driven by growth in current and savings accounts.” Kumar added that the bank remains focused on meeting strategic objectives, with strong growth in the SME and mid-corporate segments. Despite the positive quarterly results, the bank’s stock has faced challenges, declining over 16 percent in the past three months. However, it has outperformed the benchmark Nifty 50 index, which dropped over 2 percent during the same period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndiGo Share Price: IndiGo stock nosedives 12% after Q2 net loss; brokerage remain bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IndiGo parent Interglobe Aviation plunged over 12 percent on October 28 after the airline reported a net loss of Rs 987 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net profit of Rs 189 crore in the year-ago period. Despite the disappointing earnings, brokerages remained bullish on stock on account of healthy demand and efforts to improve its international presence through strategic partnerships and loyalty programs. At 9:44 am, IndiGo shares were trading over 12 percent lower at Rs 3,811.35 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). This is the biggest single-day drop that shares of the airline have seen since February 2022. Kotak Institutional Equities has issued a 'buy' call on IndiGo, setting a target price of Rs 5,200 per share. The brokerage noted a sharp miss in the second quarter's profit before tax (PBT), primarily due to aircraft groundings, related compensation, and unexpected fuel inflation. Additionally, there was an overhang from heightened seasonality, particularly in the context of a sharp uptick in demand and supply in the previous year. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Despite these challenges, overall demand trends for IndiGo remain healthy, although there was a modest decline in the revenue per available seat kilometer (TRASK) due to a high year-on-year base for the third quarter, said the brokerage. As a result, Kotak has lowered its FY27 estimate by 10 percent. Goldman Sachs has also issued a 'buy' call on IndiGo but has adjusted its target price to Rs 4,800 per share. The brokerage pointed out that the company's second quarter earnings per share (EPS) and profit before tax (PBT), excluding foreign exchange impacts, fell below estimates. While the available seat kilometers (ASK) and revenue passenger kilometers (RPK) were largely in line with expectations. IndiGo's yields exceeded estimates by 2.5 percent, driving a revenue beat. However, the cost per available seat kilometer (CASK) was higher than anticipated, attributed to increased fuel and lease expenses. Aircraft groundings remained stable in the mid-70s range, with signs of improvement, it noted. Meanwhile, Nuvama has turned bearish on the counter. Following a 108–133 percent outperformance to US/European peers since January 2022, the brokerage downgraded IndiGo to 'hold' on 1.5x+ valuations to global peers and valuation premium to global LCCs ~2SD above average, slowing domestic demand and overcapacity concerns. According to analysts, IndiGo's Sep-Nov’24 flight schedules imply a domestic share loss as well. Relentless promoter selling while IndiGo shifts from LCC to a hybrid model raises risk, the brokerage flagged while cutting FY25 and FY26 EBITDAR estimates by 14 percent and 7 percent respectively, and slashing target price to Rs 4,415. &quot;Near-term outlook looks challenging as capacity growth outpaces demand growth, affecting PRASK. Current valuations are unsupportive, but positive factors make risk reward balanced,&quot; said Nuvama. Also Read | ICICI Bank top Nifty gainer as steady Q2 impresses brokerages, see up to 28% upside potential IndiGo served 106.7 million customers in FY24, with a net increase of 63 aircraft. The company had eight strategic partners with a 27 percent international share in terms of ASKs in FY24, noted Motilal Oswal. The management has also taken several preemptive measures to increase its global brand awareness as it expects to capture a bigger share of growth in the international market over the coming years. The airline is further enhancing its international travel and working relentlessly to adjust schedules to reassure customers, the brokerage highlighted as it reiterated its 'neutral' rating on the stock with target price of Rs 4,130, based on 8.5x Sep’26E EV/EBITDAR.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Deepak Builders Share Price: Deepak Builders & Engineers shares list at 1.5% discount over IPO price [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers made a weak start on its stock market debut on October 28 after listing at Rs 200. That translates to a discount of 1.5 percent over the issue price of Rs 203 per share on the NSE. The listing, however, completely misses grey market estimates where shares were trading at a premium of 16 percent. The grey market is an unofficial ecosystem where shares start trading much before the offer opens for subscription and continue to trade till the listing day. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Despite weakening sentiment in equity markets, investors showed strong confidence in Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India, with its initial share sale receiving bids for 37.24 crore equity shares—41.54 times the offer size of 89.67 lakh shares. Non-institutional investors (HNIs) led the demand, subscribing 82.47 times their allotted quota, followed by retail investors who bid for 39.79 times their reserved portion. Qualified institutional buyers also displayed strong interest, subscribing to 13.91 times their allocation. Also read: ICICI Bank impresses brokerages with steady Q2, sparks wave of 'buy' calls, target upgrades The Ludhiana-based company, which raised Rs 78 crore from anchor investors on October 18, plans to use Rs 142 crore of net fresh issue proceeds to repay debt and meet working capital needs, with the balance allocated for general corporate purposes. Established in 2017, Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India Limited specializes in constructing administrative, institutional, and industrial buildings, as well as hospitals, stadiums, and residential complexes. The company has executed turnkey projects covering architecture, civil work, MEP, firefighting, IT systems, medical gas pipelines, and landscaping, among other services.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Waaree Energies Share Price: Waaree Energies shares list at 66% premium over IPO price on NSE [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Waaree Energies were off to a rocking start on its stock market debut on October 28 after listing at Rs 2,500, commanding a massive premium of 66.3 percent over the issue price of Rs 1,503 per share on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The listing gains, however, miss grey market estimates where shares were trading at a premium of 84 percent. The grey market is an unofficial ecosystem where shares start trading much before the offer opens for subscription and continue to trade till the listing day. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The Rs 4,321-crore IPO witnessed strong demand with the offer being oversubscribed 76.34 times. Investors bid for 160.91 crore shares, far exceeding the 2.1 crore shares on offer, according to exchange data. Qualified institutional buyers showed the most interest, subscribing 208.63 times the portion reserved for them. Retail investors' quota has been subscribed 10.79 times, and the employees’ portion saw 5.17 times the demand. Non-institutional investors subscribed 62.48 times their reserved portion, as per NSE data. Also read: ICICI Bank impresses brokerages with steady Q2, sparks wave of 'buy' calls, target upgrades The proceeds from the fresh issue will be primarily used to set up a 6 GW facility in Odisha for manufacturing ingot wafers, solar cells, and PV modules. A portion of the funds will also be used for general corporate purposes. Read more: Oil slides on Middle East respite, yen down as Japan govt loses majority Waaree Energies currently operates five manufacturing plants across India, with locations in Surat, Tumb, Nandigram, and Chikhli in Gujarat, as well as IndoSolar in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Shriram Finance jumps 7% on healthy Q2, brokerages share 'buy' calls, see up to 22% upside [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Shriram Finance soared 7 percent to Rs 3,309 apiece on October 28 after brokerages were impressed with its upbeat July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance. Multiple 'buy' calls were issued as analysts expressed confidence on the company's steady performance, attractive valuations, and positive guidance for FY25. HSBC maintained their 'buy' call on Shriram Finance and hiked target price to Rs 3,725 per share from Rs 3,600. Analysts said that Q2 reinforced view that Shriram is in its most convicing operating period since 2010. Delivery on all parameters was strong, guidance was reiterated and there were no misses in asset quality or growth, they added. Nomura reiterated their 'buy' rating on Shriram Finance and shared target price of Rs 3,800. The brokerage firm stated that Shriram Finance is their top pick as it consistently delivered across metrics and found current valuations still relatively undemanding. ALSO READ: CLSA reiterates 'outperform' call on Shriram Finance amid stable asset quality, margins Besides, Kotak Institutional Equities joined the bullish calls and shared a target price of Rs 3,700 per share. &quot;Amid asset quality noise in the sector, the company continued to deliver a steady performance. Investment thesis of an overall growth trajectory of 20 percent is suggested. In light of risk in the sector, high growth in MSME, tractors remain some of the key monitorables,&quot; the firm added. Shriram Finance reported net profit of Rs 2,071 crore in Q2FY25, up 18.3 percent YoY. The company's net interest income (NII) also increased by 16.3 percent YoY to Rs 5,606 crore in Q2FY25. The board has declared dividend of Rs 22 per share. However, the company net interest margin (NIM) decreased to 8.74 percent in Q2FY25 versus 8.8 percent in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, its gross stage-3 assets grew to Rs 12,764 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 12,408 crore in the previous quarter.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate ITC; target of Rs 534: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on ITC ITC reported strong topline performance amidst a challenging operating environment. For Q2FY25, the revenue increased 16.7% YoY (+12.3% QoQ) to INR 207,359 Mn, outperformed our estimate. EBITDA increased by 4.8% YoY (+0.2% QoQ) to INR 67,618 Mn, largely in line with our estimate. Adj. Net profit increased by 2.0% YoY (-2.0% QoQ) to INR 49,940 Mn, missed our estimate, mainly due to higher-than-expected depreciation and lower other income. We lower our FY25E/26 EPS estimate by 4.6%/ 2.6%, respectively, due to lower-than-expected Q2FY25 EPS estimate, subdued demand, and inflationary pressure. Outlook Using the SOTP approach, we maintained our multiples (cigarette business at 15.5x EV/EBITDA, Hotels at 17.3x, Paper business at 4.1x, Agri business at 4.5x, and FMCG at 9.2x EV/Revenue) and arrive at a target price of INR 534/share (previously: INR 545), offering an upside of 10.7% from current levels. Accordingly, we maintain our rating of “ACCUMULATE” on ITC Ltd. shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Short Call | SME IPOs double returns while giants stumble; Nuvoco Vistas, Colgate in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: This year, India’s IPO scene is all glitz and glam—just not for the giants you'd expect. While household names like Hyundai Motors and Ola Electric stumbled out of the gate, little-known firms rocketed to stardom, thrilling investors with eye-popping listing-day gains. Predominantly the mantra today is pure thrill-seeking—who’s got the biggest bang at the opening bell? The numbers are wild: nearly 600 IPOs have hit the market since January 2023, with 335 just this year as of October 14. Among 110 SME IPOs in the first half of 2024, a whopping 87 ended up in the green, and 43 doubled investors’ money, according to PRIME Database data. Think about it—three out of four SME IPOs made investors richer, and 40% turned into multibaggers. The catch? Some experts say this “small fry frenzy” might be bubbling over, with valuations in frothy territory. Contrast this with the big-league IPOs, where the story’s been more fizzle than sizzle. Research from Capitalmind Financial Services shows that 24 of the 40 largest IPOs in the last decade couldn’t keep up with the CNX 500, with 12 even delivering negative returns. Why the flop? Well the IPO scene is a tale of thrill-seeking investors choosing speed over substance. Instead of buying into rock-solid financials, they’re chasing the tantalizing promise of grey market premiums (GMPs), betting on lesser-known companies with average numbers in hopes of quick, explosive returns. Established giants like Hyundai, with solid books and proven growth stories, are seeing lukewarm interest, as their slow-and-steady profiles don’t deliver the fireworks these traders crave. This high-stakes hunger isn’t new—it's the same force driving the secondary market, where midcaps and smallcaps have outshined largecaps in recent years, offering faster paths to multiplied returns. Now, that trend is fully spilling into the IPO market, as investors increasingly favor IPOs that promise a big bang on day one over safer, steady players. It’s a chalk-and-cheese choice: quick-hit profits with small upstarts versus the tried-and-true growth of large caps. But it’s like a house of cards; when the wind of reality blows, it all tumbles down. SME IPOs, some with thin track records, are getting oversubscribed by retail investors driven by pure FOMO, chasing the high of listing gains and these signs of irrational exuberance are alarming. “History shows that speculative excesses often end in tears,” said VK Vijayakumar from Geojit Financial Services who sees a fine line between opportunity and excess. The IPO craze is morphing into a textbook case of “too good to be true”. Fueled by high liquidity and investor FOMO, these sizzling IPOs are barreling ahead—yet warnings are flashing red. Many of these stocks might quickly turn illiquid after the initial frenzy, some warn. Investors, beware: when the music stops, some could be left stranded without a chair. Regulators may soon need to pour some cold water on the mania before retail investors find themselves trapped in a ruthless game of “greater fool.” Nuvoco Vistas (Rs 331, -3.2%) Reported a net loss in the quarter ended September Bull Case: As the industry enters a busy season, a likely recovery in demand and cement prices bode well for Nuvoco's improved performance hereon. Revival in prices after the festive season, down-trending fuel costs and seasonal tailwinds should aid in margin recovery in 2HFY25E Bear Case: Core markets in the northern/eastern regions witnessed price cuts, led by subdued demand due to extended monsoons and delayed capex spends. This lack of demand could continue. The company’s ‘value over volume’ strategy continues to lead to underperformance versus peers and market share loss, said Kotak Institutional Equities. Colgate Palmolive Company (Rs 95.6, -4%) Shares sink as margin miss in Q2 FY25 disappoints Street. Bull Case: Advertising spending surged in Q2FY25, reflecting increased support for brand promotion and initiatives to drive category growth. Launch of science-based premium products to enhance realisations. Boosting consumption frequency and rural penetration to drive broader market reach. Expanding the personal care portfolio to reduce reliance on the slower-growing oral care category. Bear Case: Margin was negatively impacted due to gross margin contraction and increased advertising expenditures. Increasing competitive intensity may affect company's long-term growth prospects. The recent sharp rise in stock price has capped its upside potential. Rising input costs. (With inputs from Zoya and Neeshita). </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: ICICI Bank top Nifty gainer as steady Q2 impresses brokerages, see up to 28% upside potential [/INST] The full article is as follows: Brokerages expressed enthusiasm over ICICI Bank's robust performance in the July-September quarter (Q2FY25), issuing multiple 'buy' calls and raising target prices. Analysts foresee up to 28 percent upside from current levels, as the bank's steady results reinforced its leadership among private sector peers. Motilal Oswal retained its 'buy' rating on ICICI Bank, setting a target price of Rs 1,500 per share. The brokerage raised the bank’s EPS estimates by 2.8 percent for FY25 and 1.8 percent for FY26, projecting a return on assets (RoA) of 2.19 percent and return on equity (RoE) of 17.4 percent by FY26. Similarly, CLSA gave an 'outperform' rating with the highest target price of Rs 1,600 per share, lauding the bank’s superior asset provisioning compared to competitors. ALSO READ: ICICI Bank reports strong Q2, signals margins to stabilise from here on &quot;ICICI Bank posted another solid quarter, with mid-teen growth in the balance sheet and a slight moderation in margins by 5-10 basis points sequentially. Although NII is expected to stabilise over the year, gross non-performing loans (NPL) remained steady, and credit costs were well-controlled. These factors position ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank as standout performers among private lenders,&quot; CLSA noted. Nomura also raised its target price to Rs 1,575 per share, reiterating its 'buy' call. The brokerage highlighted ICICI Bank's exceptional performance, citing strong loan and deposit growth in Q2, along with solid asset quality. It also revised EPS estimates upward by 2-3 percent for FY25-27. ICICI Bank's Q2 net profit rose 14.5 percent year-on-year to Rs 11,746 crore, surpassing market expectations. Net interest income (NII) increased by 9.5 percent YoY to Rs 20,048 crore, reflecting healthy growth, although net interest margins (NIM) declined by 26 basis points to 4.27 percent. Despite the margin compression, the bank’s management remains optimistic, believing that the worst of the margin pressure is over. They expect minimal further erosion, as deposit rate hikes have largely stabilised. Retail deposit rates surged mainly during the second half of FY23 and FY24, but the bank anticipates no significant increases going forward. In terms of asset quality, ICICI Bank continued to outperform, with its gross non-performing asset (GNPA) ratio improving to 1.97 percent as of September 30, 2024, down from 2.15 percent in the previous quarter. The net NPA ratio held steady at 0.42 percent, reflecting tight control over slippages.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KRN Heat Exchanger shares gain 3% on signing MoU with Rajasthan govt [/INST] The full article is as follows: KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration share price rose 3 percent in the opening trade on October 28 after the company’s wholly owned subsidiary company, KRN HVAC Products has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with Government of Rajasthan. At 09:25am, KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration was quoting at Rs 443.40, up Rs 12.80, or 2.97 percent, on the BSE. The said MoU is for the proposed investment to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore over a period of time in various trenches for the establishment of project for the manufacturing of heat exchangers already undertaken in our wholly owned subsidiary company. Government of Rajasthan (GoR) will facilitate the Organisation to obtain necessary permission/clearance etc from concerned departments of the State as per the existing policies/rules and regulations of the State Government. Catch all the market action on our live blog The meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled on 30/10/2024 to consider and approve the unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results of the company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2024. Shares of KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration made a remarkable market debut on October 3 with stock got listed at Rs 470, reflecting a jump of 113.63 percent from the issue price on the BSE. It ended the day with a premium of over 117 percent against the issue price of Rs 220. The Rajasthan-based company manufactures fin and tube-type heat exchangers for the heat ventilation, air-conditioning and refrigeration industry.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BPCL shares up 2% on JV agreement with Oil India for city gas distribution [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) share price gained 2 percent in the early trade on October 28 after the company is going to enter into joint venture agreement with Oil India. At 09:24am, Bharat Petroleum Corporation was quoting at Rs 312.10, up Rs 6.15, or 2.01 percent, on the BSE. The BPCl board at its meeting held on October 25, 2024 has approved entering into a joint venture agreement with Oil India for the purpose of developing city gas distribution (CGD) project in the state of Arunachal Pradesh. The above joint venture agreement will be entered into in due course after the receipt of necessary approvals, BPCL said. Catch all the market action on our live blog Both the companies will hold 50-50 percent in the JV company, which will do supply, distribution and marketing of CNG/PNG/LNG and allied retail business. The authorized share capital of proposed JVC shall be Rs 125 crore consisting of 125,00,0000 shares of Rs 10 each, with an option to enhance the same based on future investment opportunities. The initial issued, subscribed, and paid-up capital of proposed JVC shall be Rs 5 crore. In the said board meeting the company has decided not to pursue raising of capital through rights issue. Bharat Petroleum Corporation had reported a 72 percent year-on-year drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 2,297 crore for second quarter of financial year 2024-25. However, revenue from operations remained flat at Rs 1.18 lakh crore against Rs 1.17 lakh crore in the previous year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open flat on October 28, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,213, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Indian markets extended the fall for a fifth consecutive session on October 25, with the Nifty breaking 24,100 intraday, amid selling across the sectors barring FMCG. At close, the Sensex was down 662.87 points or 0.83 percent at 79,402.29, and the Nifty was down 218.60 points or 0.90 percent at 24,180.80. For the week, BSE Sensex and Nifty50 lost more than 2 percent each. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading flat, indicating a muted start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,213 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Gain) Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 and its Topix index climbed on Monday after the country’s Liberal Democratic Party lost its majority in Japan’s lower house following elections on Sunday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 1.16 -6.11 3.86 Nikkei 1.54 -4.80 6.74 Hang Seng 0.01 -2.24 22.67 Taiwan 0.38 4.59 16.10 Kospi 0.54 -4.86 -8.09 US Equities (Mixed) The Nasdaq ended higher on Friday, driven by megacap shares, as investors awaited quarterly results from some of Wall Street's biggest companies next week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 259.96 points, or 0.61%, to 42,114.40, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 1.74 points, or 0.03%, to 5,808.12 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 103.12 points, or 0.56%, to 18,518.61. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.61 -0.18 12.91 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.03 1.13 23.04 Nasdaq 0.56 2.15 24.66 US Bond Yield (Rises) US 10-Year Treasury added 71 bps at 4.27 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury rose 58 bps at 4.12 percent in the early trade on Monday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.27 3.75 4.83 US 2-Year Treasury 4.12 4.88 5 Dollar Index (Gain) Broader currency markets were steady, leaving the dollar on course for its largest monthly rise in 2-1/2 years as signs of strength in the U.S. economy and the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency have driven U.S. yields sharply higher. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.43 100.38 106.55 Asian currencies (Down) Except South Korean Won, all other Asian currencies were trading weak in the early trade on Monday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.403 -3.48 -1.58 South Korean Won 0.235 -5.34 -7.07 Japanese Yen -0.911 -6.55 -8.24 Philippines Peso -0.077 -4.03 -5.14 Thai Baht -0.328 -4.02 1.36 Taiwan Dollar -0.059 -1.32 -4.71 China Renminbi -0.189 -1.62 -0.486 Malaysian Ringgit -0.442 -5.46 -5.31 Singapore Dollar -0.234 -2.97 -0.317 Crude (Down) Oil prices tumbled after Israel's weekend strike on Iran bypassed oil or nuclear targets. Brent crude futures were 4.2% lower and traded as cheaply as $67.80 a barrel after Israel's response to an Iranian missile attack focused, so far, on missile factories and other sites near Tehran and not on disrupting energy supplies. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -4.74 0.31 -4.58 Brent Crude -4.63 1.07 -5.83 Gold (Down) Gold prices slipped nearly 1 percent at around USD 2728 per ounce , while Silver prices shed 1 percent at around USD 33.3 per ounce. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold -0.71 3.31 32.23 Silver -1.12 6.92 40.07 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities price were trading mixed in the early trade on Monday with Aluminium and Copper up 1 percent each, while Lead shed 1 percent and Zinc declined 2 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 1.04 2.53 12.31 Copper 1 -2.30 12.19 Nickel -0.79 -7.69 -2.63 Lead -1.37 -2.39 -1.09 Zinc -2.28 0.30 16.70 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,036 crore on October 25, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 4159 crore on the same day. 25th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,036.75 -84,818.85 -2,27,355.04 DII Net Flows 4,159.29 1,28,971.06 4,34,554.77 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Britannia, Karur Vysya Bank, Thermax, Vishnu Chemicals, CRISIL and others on Monday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The market saw sharp selling pressure after a couple of days of consolidation, extending its fall for the fifth consecutive session on October 25, with weak breadth. About 2,138 shares fell compared to 376 that rose on the NSE. The trend is expected to remain in favour of bears, continuing the 'sell on rally' strategy. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Vinay Rajani, CMT, Senior Technical and Derivative Analyst at HDFC Securities Angel One | CMP: Rs 2,799 After breaking out from the downward sloping trendline on the weekly charts, Angel One rose sharply with higher volumes. Due to the recent market correction, the stock has corrected toward the support of the 20-day SMA (Simple Moving Average). The primary trend of the stock remains bullish, with higher tops and higher bottoms on the weekly and monthly charts. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,010, 3,100 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,650 CRISIL | CMP: Rs 5,080 CRISIL has formed a rounding bottom formation on the weekly charts. The recent price rise has been accompanied by an increase in volumes. The stock is trading above all important moving averages, indicating a bullish trend across all time frames. Indicators and oscillators have turned bullish on both the daily and weekly charts. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,510, 5,700 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,750 Karur Vysya Bank | CMP: Rs 214.55 Karur Vysya Bank, after breaking out from the downward sloping trendline on the weekly charts, also rose sharply with higher volumes. Following the recent market correction, the stock has corrected toward the support of the 20-day SMA. The 8-day EMA is positioned above the 21-day EMA, indicating a bullish trend in the short-term time frame. The price breakout was accompanied by a rise in volumes. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 235, 245 Stop-Loss: Rs 200 Jigar S Patel, Senior Manager - Equity Research at Anand Rathi Grasim Industries | CMP: Rs 2,615 In the past two months, Grasim has consistently encountered resistance around the Rs 2,800 level, indicating difficulty in breaking past this mark. Additionally, the daily Relative Strength Index (RSI) has failed to surpass the 60 level, signaling weak upward momentum, which raises concerns for bullish investors. Recently, Grasim also broke below a bullish trendline, a bearish signal, and closed below its 20-day SMA high-low band. These technical indicators collectively suggest potential downside. Therefore, we recommend a short position in Grasim within the Rs 2,620-2,650 range, with a stop-loss above Rs 2,700 on a daily closing basis. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 2,475 Stop-Loss: Above Rs 2,700 HDFC Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 709.5 Over the past two months, HDFC Life Insurance has repeatedly faced resistance near the Rs 745 level, which corresponds to a significant historical peak last seen in September 2021. This resistance level has proven challenging for the stock, indicating limited buying momentum above this mark. Further reinforcing this weak upward drive, the daily RSI has consistently failed to exceed the 60 level, a threshold that typically signals strength in bullish trends. This inability to reach higher RSI levels suggests a lack of strong buying interest, raising concerns for bullish investors. Recently, the stock broke below an established bullish trendline, signaling a potential trend reversal to the downside. Adding to the bearish outlook, HDFC Life Insurance has closed below its 20-day SMA high-low band, indicating weakening support and momentum. Based on these technical factors, we recommend a short position in HDFC Life Insurance within the Rs 710-720 range. To manage risk, a stop-loss is advised above the Rs 748 level on a daily closing basis. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 650 Stop-Loss: Above Rs 748 Britannia Industries | CMP: Rs 5,669.4 Britannia's stock has seen a substantial decline, dropping by around 13.5 percent in the past month. However, it appears to have found strong support at the Rs 5,600 level, a region that previously acted as a demand zone where buying interest emerged. Observing the hourly chart, a bullish divergence is visible on the RSI hourly scale—indicating a possible reversal—as recent red candles have decreased in size while green candles are becoming larger. This pattern suggests that selling momentum is weakening, and buyers may be gradually stepping in. Given these signals, we recommend a long position in Britannia within the Rs 5,650-5,700 range, with an expected upside target of Rs 5,950. To manage downside risk, a stop-loss is suggested near Rs 5,535, set on a daily closing basis, ensuring an exit if the support fails and the stock declines further. This technical setup suggests a potential recovery, provided the demand zone holds strong. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,950 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,535 Rajesh Bhosale, Technical Analyst at Angel One Thermax | CMP: Rs 5,431 Thermax has demonstrated impressive strength in a sluggish market, delivering a bullish range breakout on Friday, signaling a continued uptrend into next week. Prices remain well above key averages, with dips finding buying interest around the 50-day EMA (Exponential Moving Average). The momentum oscillator, RSI, has also provided a smoothed buy signal alongside its moving averages. Hence, we recommend buying Thermax around Rs 5,430 - Rs 5,410. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,900 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,180 Vishnu Chemicals | CMP: Rs 491.5 A robust uptrend is underway, with prices consistently forming a higher top-higher bottom structure. Currently trading in uncharted territory, Vishnu Chemicals shows high volumes supporting the upward movement, highlighting its strength despite a broader market sell-off. Multiple bullish patterns are emerging, suggesting continued outperformance in the near term. Hence, we recommend buying Vishnu Chemicals around Rs 491 - 487. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 545 Stop-Loss: Rs 461. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: ICICI Bank, Waaree Energies, IndiGo, Inox Wind, DLF, Lodha, Bandhan Bank, Coal India, ITD Cementation in focus on Monday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, and quarterly earnings, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharmaceutical, BHEL, Adani Power, Punjab National Bank, Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC, Ambuja Cements, Arvind, Computer Age Management Services, CarTrade Tech, Dalmia Bharat Sugar, Federal Bank, Firstsource Solutions, Ideaforge Technology, Indraprastha Gas, Indegene, Indian Bank, Indian Oil Corporation, JSW Infrastructure, KFin Technologies, Kalpataru Projects International, LIC Housing Finance, Northern Arc Capital, Paras Defence, Pfizer, Quess Corp, RailTel Corporation of India, Shree Renuka Sugars, Skipper, and Tata Technologies will release their quarterly earnings on October 28. Quarterly Earnings ICICI Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit increases 14.5% to Rs 11,746 crore Vs Rs 10,261 crore Net interest income grows 9.5% to Rs 20,048 crore Vs Rs 18,307.9 crore Gross NPA falls to 1.97% Vs 2.15% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.42% Vs 0.43% (QoQ) Coal India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 22% to Rs 6,274.8 crore Vs Rs 8,048.6 crore Revenue slips 6.4% to Rs 30,673 crore Vs Rs 32,776.4 crore EBITDA drops 14.2% to Rs 8,617.1 crore Vs Rs 10,038.2 crore Margin drops 250 bps to 28.1% Vs 30.6% Coal India declares interim dividend of Rs 15.75 per share for FY25 Bank of Baroda Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 23% to Rs 5,238 crore Vs Rs 4,253 crore Net interest income rises 7.3% to Rs 11,622 crore Vs Rs 10,831 crore Gross NPA falls to 2.50% Vs 2.88% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.60% Vs 0.69% (QoQ) InterGlobe Aviation-IndiGo Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 986.7 crore Vs profit of Rs 188.9 crore Revenue grows 13.6% to Rs 16,969.6 crore Vs Rs 14,944 crore EBITDAR falls 0.5% to Rs 2,434 crore Vs Rs 2,446.5 crore EBITDAR margin drops 210 bps to 14.3% Vs 16.4% Board approves investment of upto Rs 295 crore in IndiGo Ventures Fund – I Bandhan Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 30% to Rs 937 crore Vs Rs 721 crore Net interest income grows 21% to Rs 2,948 crore Vs Rs 2,443 crore Net interest margin expands to 7.4% Vs 7.2% Gross NPA rises to 4.68% Vs 4.23% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 1.29% Vs 1.15% (QoQ) Macrotech Developers-Lodha Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 108.6% to Rs 423.1 crore Vs Rs 202.8 crore Revenue jumps 50.1% to Rs 2,625.7 crore Vs Rs 1,749.6 crore DLF Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 122.1% to Rs 1,381.2 crore Vs Rs 621.9 crore Revenue grows 46.5% to Rs 1,975 crore Vs Rs 1,347.7 crore Tax write back at Rs 466.80 crore Vs tax expenses at Rs 112.20 crore Intellect Design Arena Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 26% to Rs 52.5 crore Vs Rs 70.8 crore Revenue declines 10% to Rs 558.1 crore Vs Rs 619 crore Praj Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 13.7% to Rs 53.8 crore Vs Rs 62.4 crore Revenue falls 7.5% to Rs 816.2 crore Vs Rs 882.4 crore Order intake at Rs 921 crore Vs Rs 1,063 crore Texmaco Rail and Engineering Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 201.3% to Rs 74.1 crore Vs Rs 24.6 crore Revenue surges 67.2% to Rs 1,345.9 crore Vs Rs 805 crore Balkrishna Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 0.14% to Rs 347 crore Vs Rs 347.4 crore Revenue increases 7.4% to Rs 2,419.7 crore Vs Rs 2,253.2 crore Other income falls to Rs 90.5 crore Vs Rs 107.09 crore Freight and forwarding expenses jumps to Rs 183.2 crore Vs Rs 101.8 crore Torrent Pharmaceuticals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 17.4% to Rs 453 crore Vs Rs 386 crore Revenue rises 8.6% to Rs 2,889 crore Vs Rs 2,660 crore CreditAccess Grameen Q2 (YoY) Profit plunges 46.4% to Rs 186.1 crore Vs Rs 347 crore Net interest income increases 20.8% to Rs 932.4 crore Vs Rs 772 crore Impairment of financial instruments spikes 338.3% to Rs 420.1 crore Vs Rs 95.9 crore Inox Wind Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands Rs 90 crore Vs loss of Rs 27 crore Revenue surges 93% to Rs 742 crore Vs Rs 384 crore Order book jumps to 3,328 MW Vs 1,276 MW Aegis Logistics Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 1% to Rs 152 crore Vs Rs 150 crore Revenue zooms 42% to Rs 1,750 crore Vs Rs 1,235 crore Shriram Finance Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 18.3% to Rs 2,071.3 crore Vs Rs 1,750.8 crore Net interest income jumps 16.4% to Rs 5,606.7 crore Vs Rs 4,818.2 crore Company declares an interim dividend of Rs 22 per share Board approves stock split in the ratio of 1:5 Gross Stage-3 provision increases to Rs 12,764.2 crore Vs Rs 12,408 crore (QoQ) ECL provision Stage-3 rises to Rs 6,598.6 crore Vs Rs 6,346 crore (QoQ) Phoenix Mills Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 4.3% to Rs 292.2 crore Vs Rs 305.3 crore Revenue increases 5% to Rs 918 crore Vs Rs 875 crore CMS Info Systems Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 7.8% to Rs 90.9 crore Vs Rs 84.4 crore Revenue jumps 15% to Rs 624.5 crore Vs Rs 543.7 crore Sangam India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit plunges 47.5% to Rs 5.55 crore Vs Rs 10.6 crore Revenue soars 7.5% to Rs 675.6 crore Vs Rs 628.7 crore Kewal Kiran Clothing Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 36.2% to Rs 67.7 crore Vs Rs 49.7 crore Revenue grows 17.4% to Rs 308.2 crore Vs Rs 262.5 crore EBITDA increases 3.6% to Rs 63.9 crore Vs Rs 61.7 crore Margin drops to 20.7% Vs 23.5% Gensol Engineering Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 29.5% to Rs 22.9 crore Vs Rs 17.71 crore Revenue grows 13.8% to Rs 346.5 crore Vs Rs 304.6 crore EBITDA zooms 123.5% to Rs 106.6 crore Vs Rs 47.7 crore Margin expands 1,510 bps to 30.8% Vs 15.7% Mahindra Lifespace Developers Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss narrows to Rs 14 crore Vs loss of Rs 18.9 crore Revenue sinks 57.2% to Rs 7.6 crore Vs Rs 17.8 crore IDFC First Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit plunges 73% to Rs 201 crore Vs Rs 751 crore Net interest income grows 21% to Rs 4,788 crore Vs Rs 3,950 crore Provisions surges to Rs 1,732 crore Vs Rs 528 crore Gross NPA rises to 1.92% Vs 1.9% (QoQ) Net NPA falls to 0.48% Vs 0.59% (QoQ) JK Cement Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 28.5% to Rs 125.8 crore Vs Rs 176 crore Revenue slips 7% to Rs 2,560.1 crore Vs Rs 2,752.8 crore Godawari Power &amp;amp; Ispat Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 38% to Rs 159.1 crore Vs Rs 256.9 crore Revenue dips 1.8% to Rs 1,267.6 crore Vs Rs 1,291 crore Rainbow Children’s Medicare Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 25.4% to Rs 78.9 crore Vs Rs 62.9 crore Revenue increases 25.5% to Rs 417.5 crore Vs Rs 332.7 crore SBFC Finance Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 59.6% to Rs 83.98 crore Vs Rs 52.6 crore Net interest income grows 35.9% to Rs 213.5 crore Vs Rs 157.2 crore Titagarh Rail Systems Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit soars 14.3% to Rs 80.7 crore Vs Rs 70.6 crore Revenue increases 13% to Rs 1,057 crore Vs Rs 935.5 crore REC Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 6.2% to Rs 4,005.5 crore Vs Rs 3,772.9 crore Net interest income rises 21.2% to Rs 4,680.4 crore Vs 3,863.2 crore Central Depository Services Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 48.6% to Rs 162 crore Vs Rs 109 crore Revenue grows 55.4% to Rs 322.3 crore Vs Rs 207.3 crore Yes Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 145.6% to Rs 553 crore Vs Rs 225 crore Net interest income increases 14.3% to Rs 2,200 crore Vs Rs 1,925 crore Gross NPA falls to 1.6% Vs 1.7% (QoQ) Net NPA remains flat at 0.5% (QoQ) Stocks To Watch ITD Cementation The promoter, Italian-Thai Development Public Company, has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Renew Exim DMCC, part of the Adani Group, for the sale of a 46.64% stake at a price of Rs 400 per share. Renew Exim DMCC has also announced an open offer to acquire an additional 26% stake in ITD at Rs 571.68 per share. As of October 25, ITD's stock price was Rs 534. Suven Pharmaceuticals The pharma company has received approval from the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) for the merger of Casper Pharma with itself. Casper Pharma is a wholly owned subsidiary of Suven. Avenue Supermarts The DMart operator has completed the acquisition of a 26% shareholding in FP Ampere Energy (a wholly owned subsidiary of Fourth Partner Energy) for Rs 2 crore. Following this acquisition, FP Ampere has become an associate company of Avenue Supermarts. Axis Bank SEBI has issued a show cause notice to Axis Bank and its subsidiaries, Axis Securities and Axis Capital. Axis Bank and its subsidiaries are reviewing the contents of the show cause notice and will be filing responses with SEBI, as the transactions (purchase of shares of Max Life Insurance Company) were undertaken with the requisite regulatory approvals. Bharat Petroleum Corporation The Board has approved the company’s entry into a joint venture agreement with Oil India for developing a city gas distribution (CGD) project in Arunachal Pradesh. There will be a 50:50 shareholding between BPCL and Oil India in the joint venture. Adani Enterprises The company's subsidiary, Adani Airport Holdings, has incorporated a subsidiary named Celeritas International FZCO in the UAE for general trading business. Sky Gold The Board has approved the issuance of bonus shares in the ratio of 9:1 (nine new bonus equity shares for every existing equity share) to the eligible shareholders of the company as of the record date. KRN Heat Exchanger and Refrigeration The company's subsidiary, KRN HVAC Products, has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the Government of Rajasthan for a proposed investment of Rs 1,000 crore. Bulk Deals IndusInd Bank Societe Generale sold a half-percent stake in the bank at an average price of Rs 1,070.61 per share, amounting to Rs 417.61 crore. Mac Charles (India) RBS Contracts bought a 1.58% stake in the company from Kachasa Investments at an average price of Rs 580 per share. Vadilal Enterprises Brescon Ventures sold a 0.87% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 4,150 per share, while Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal offloaded a 2.05% stake at an average price of Rs 4,093.07 per share. Mainboard Listing on October 28 Waaree Energies, Deepak Builders &amp;amp; Engineers India SME Listing on October 28 Premium Plast Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, Elecon Engineering, Ksolves India Stock Trades Ex-Date for Rights Shangar Decor Stock Trades Ex-Date for Amalgamation Jubilant Industries Stock Trades Ex-Date for Ex-Split Dr Reddy's Laboratories Stock Trades Ex-Bonus Reliance Industries F&amp;amp;O Ban Dixon Technologies, IDFC First Bank, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Escorts Kubota, IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, NMDC, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Petronet LNG; target of Rs 385: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Petronet LNG Petronet LNG (PLNG) 2QFY25 EBITDA came in 9% below our estimates at INR12b. Dahej utilization was down 9pp QoQ at 102%, while Kochi utilization stood at 22% (flat QoQ). Reported PAT at INR8.5b was in line with our estimate. In 2Q, the company booked additional provisions worth INR1.1b related to use-or-pay (UoP) charges. The Dahej terminal expansion from 17.5mmt to 22.5mmt is expected to be completed by Mar’25, after which it will be available for use. Management guided for a minimum throughput of 20mmtpa from Dahej terminal in FY26. However, until now, there has not been any material progress on signing anchor customers for the expanded capacity. In 2HFY25, the management expects capacity utilization at Dahej to remain ~95%-100%. Recently, two tanks were commissioned at Dahej (taking total number of tanks to 8), which will be beneficial for storing and processing more cargo. Outlook We value PLNG at 12x Dec’26E EPS to arrive at a TP of INR385. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Piramal Pharma; target of Rs 310: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Piramal Pharma Piramal Pharma (PIRPHARM) delivered better-than-expected operational performance in 2QFY25 fueled by superior traction in the CDMO segment (59% of sales). Following earnings deterioration in FY23/FY24, PIRPHARM is exhibiting healthy recovery in 1HFY25. Considering the advancement in clinical development of certain CDMO projects, the company is investing USD80m to double its sterile fill-finish capacities at the Lexington site. We trim our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 6%/3%/4% to factor in: 1) higher financial leverage, and 2) ongoing supply-chain issues in the injectable pain management segment. Compared to 15%/37% YoY revenue/EBITDA growth for 1HFY25, we expect 11%/15% YoY growth in revenue/EBITDA to INR50b/INR9b in 2HFY25. Outlook We value PIRPHARM on an SOTP basis (20x EV/EBITDA for the CDMO business, 12x EV/EBITDA for the complex hospital generics (CHG) business, and 13x EV/EBITDA for the India consumer products (ICP) business) to arrive at our TP of INR310. With enhanced inquiries on the CDMO front at industry level in India, we believe PIRPHARM is well poised to benefit from its differentiated capabilities and capacities. Further, it is increasing its offerings in the CHG segment through an established global network. Accordingly, we expect its PAT to scale up to INR7b by FY26 from INR560m in FY24. Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Metro Brands; target of Rs 1465: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Metro Brands Metro Brands (MBL)’s revenue grew 5% YoY (in line, -1% YoY in 1Q), driven by ~9% YoY area additions. Gross profit grew 2% YoY (3% miss) due to ~100bp impact of FILA inventory liquidation at higher discounts. EBITDA was flat YoY (5% miss) on account of lower gross margin, while PAT grew 6% YoY (7% miss). 1H revenue (2% YoY) and EBITDA (-2% YoY) were muted. However, management expects pick-up in 2H to drive 10-15% YoY revenue growth and EBITDA margins to expand to ~30% for FY25 (vs. ~29% in 1H). We lower our FY25/26 revenue/EBITDA by 1-4% and PAT by 3-5% on account of weaker 1H. However, given the pick-up in store additions; a long runway for growth in Metro, Mochi, and Walkway formats; and significant growth opportunity in FILA/Foot Locker, we build in revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 14%/18%/20% over FY24-27E. We reiterate our BUY rating on MBL with a TP of INR1,465 based on 70x Dec’26 EPS (implying 26% upside). Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on MBL with a TP of INR1,465 based on 70x Dec’26 EPS (implying 26% upside). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Laurus Labs; target of Rs 530: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Laurus Labs Laurus Lab (LAURUS) delivered largely in-line operational performance for 2QFY25. It witnessed an improving traction in the CDMO business, with a 33%/44% YoY/QoQ jump in sales for 2QFY25. However, this was offset by weak API segment. The commercialization of CDMO contracts is expected to pick up in 2HFY25, driving sales as well as operating leverage. We cut our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 6%/8%/5% to factor in: 1) a reduced off-take of ARV formulations; b) a gradual pick-up in ANDA-led FDF business; and c) a delay in onco-API sales. Compared to a stable 1HFY25 performance on the revenue/EBITDA front, we expect 13%/68% YoY growth in revenue/EBITDA to INR30b/INR7b for 2HFY25. Outlook The scale-up in sales from the CDMO segment and strong operating leverage are expected to drive strong performance for 2HFY25. Given the improving demand tailwind and increasing contribution expected from the CDMO segment over the next 3-4 years, we value LAURUS at 35x 12M forward earnings to arrive at our TP of INR530. Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy JSW Energy; target of Rs 900: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on JSW Energy JSW Energy (JSWE) reported 2QFY25 EBITDA of INR16.8b, below our estimate of INR19.3b. While net generation was up 14% YoY, EBITDA was negatively affected by lower merchant spreads and a one-time tariff impact from the hydro business. Adjusted 2Q PAT was 20% above our estimate at INR8.5b (est. INR7b, +19% YoY), mainly due to higher other income and a lower tax rate. The management maintained its full-year capex guidance of INR150b and highlighted that locked-in capacity stands at 19.2GW and only 3.5GW capacity is awaiting PPA. JSWE also highlighted that transmission and land-related visibility has been achieved for 80% of the pipeline, which has secured PPAs. JSWE remains confident of achieving timely completion of the RE project pipeline. Considering its strong operational performance and market position, we reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR900, valuing JSWE's core business at 15x Dec’26E EBITDA. Outlook We value JSWE's core business at 15x Dec’26E EBITDA, reflecting its strong operational performance and market position (FY27 EBITDA discounted for three months at 9%). The stake in JSW Steel is valued at a 25% discount to the current market price, acknowledging the strategic significance of this holding while incorporating a conservative valuation approach. By aggregating the values from these different components, the total equity value of JSWE was determined, leading to a TP of INR900/share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndusInd Bank; target of Rs 1500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IndusInd Bank IndusInd Bank (IIB)’s PAT declined 40% YoY/ 39% QoQ at ~INR13.3b (17% miss adjusted for contingent provision of INR5.25b). NII grew 5% YoY to INR53.5b (in-line), while other income declined 10.5% QoQ to INR21.85b (14% miss). NIM contracted sharply by 17bp QoQ to 4.08%. Loan book grew 13% YoY (2.7% QoQ), led by corporate and commercial books. Deposits grew 15% YoY (3.5% QoQ), led by faster growth in term deposits. Growth of MFIs declined sharply by 12% QoQ. Fresh slippages increased 17% QoQ to INR17.9b, primarily due to a rise in slippages in the consumer finance book to INR16.8b. GNPA/NNPA ratios increased 9bp/4bp QoQ to 2.11%/0.64%. IIB holds a total contingency buffer of INR15.25b as of Sep’24. We cut our earnings estimates by 16.7%/8.7% for FY25/26, leading to an RoA/RoE of 1.6%/13.6% by FY26. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR1,500 (premised on 1.5x FY26E ABV). Progression on asset quality (MFI business) and RBI’s approval for a fresh term for the MD and CEO remain key near-term events to monitor. Outlook We cut our earnings estimates by 16.7%/8.7% for FY25/26, leading to an RoA/RoE of 1.6%/13.6% by FY26. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR1,500 (premised on 1.5x FY26E ABV). Progression on asset quality (MFI business) and RBI approval for a fresh term to MD &amp;amp; CEO remain key near-term events to watch for. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DCB Bank; target of Rs 160: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on DCB Bank DCB Bank (DCBB) reported 22.6% YoY growth in PAT to INR1.55b (15% beat) due to higher other income. NII grew 7% YoY to INR5.1b (in line, up 2.5% QoQ). NIM moderated 12bp QoQ to 3.27%, adversely affected by extension of some of the one-offs that occurred in 1QFY25 (including replacement of penal interest with penal charges). Advances grew 19.3% YoY/5.4% QoQ, supported by healthy growth in gold loans, agri banking, and mortgages. Deposits rose 20% YoY/5.5% QoQ, led by growth in CASA deposits. CASA mix, thus increased 20bp QoQ to 25.6%. Fresh slippages inched up to INR3.89b (vs. INR3.73b in 1QFY25). GNPA/ NNPA ratios moderated 4bp/1bp QoQ to 3.29%/1.17% in 2QFY25. PCR stood stable at 65.2%. We fine-tune our earnings and estimate FY26 RoA/RoE at 0.96%/13.7%. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR160 (based on 0.9x FY26E ABV). Outlook while asset quality ratios witnessed marginal improvement. The restructured book was under control at 2.1% of loans. We fine-tune our earnings and estimate FY26 RoA/RoE at 0.96%/13.7%. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR160 (based on 0.9x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient; target of Rs 2100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Cyient DET business reported 2QFY25 revenues of USD173m, up 1.3% QoQ in CC vs. our estimate of 1.0% growth. Cyient reported broad-based growth in revenues across verticals, except Sustainability (down 6.45 QoQ cc). EBIT margin of the DET business was up 75bp QoQ/down 232bp YoY at 14.2%, above our estimates of 12.7%. Service order intake was muted at USD156.8m, down 14.7% YoY. DET PAT grew 24.9% QoQ/2.2% YoY to INR1,768m (est. INR1,427m). For 1HFY25, DET revenue/EBIT/PAT declined 2.3%/17.0%/7.3% vs. 1HFY24. In 2HFY25, we expect DET revenue/PAT to grow by 2.8%/4.9% and EBIT to decline 2.3% YoY. Our SOTP-based TP of INR2,100 implies an upside of 18%. Outlook We maintain our BUY rating on the stock, mainly owing to undemanding valuations and exposure to structurally strong verticals such as aerospace and sustainability. Our SOTP-based TP of INR2,100 implies an upside of 18%. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Birla Corporation; target of Rs 1500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Birla Corporation BCORP’s 2QFY25 EBITDA declined 39% YoY to INR1.8b (in line) and EBITDA/t fell 35% YoY to INR446 (est. INR436). OPM dipped 3.6pp YoY to 9%. The company reported a net loss of INR252m vs. PAT of INR586m in 2QFY24. The management is not much optimistic about the near-term outlook as the festive season and upcoming state elections could delay the expected recovery until Nov’24-end. It estimates volume growth at ~4% YoY in FY25, implying ~7-8% growth in 2HFY25. It estimates EBITDA/t improvement of up to INR150-170/t in 2H, out of which INR70/t would be from projects Unnati and Shikhar (combined), and the balance will be from better realization, positive operating leverage, and other cost savings. Outlook BCORP trades inexpensively at 7x/6x FY26E/FY27E EV/EBITDA, a lower valuation than its similar-sized peers. We reiterate our BUY rating with a revised TP of INR1,500 (earlier INR1,650), based on 9x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market posts longest weekly losing streak since August 2023; all sectors in the red [/INST] The full article is as follows: The market fall continued in the fourth straight week ended October 25, marking the longest losing streak since August 2023. The losses come amid heavy FII outflows due to China's stimulus measures, muted Q2 earning season and rising Middle East tensions. This week, BSE Sensex shed 1,822.46 points or 2.24 percent to finish at 79,402.29, while the Nifty50 index fell 673.25 points or 2.70 percent to close at 24,180.80. For October, both benchmarks shed 6 percent each. The BSE Small-cap index shed 7.3 percent with PNC Infratech, Huhtamaki India, Chennai Petroleum Corporation, KPIT Technologies, Bliss GVS Pharma, RBL Bank, Poonawalla Fincorp, Gravita India, and IIFL Securities falling between 20 percent and 32 percent. On the other hand, Timex Group India, CARE Ratings, Amber Enterprises India, Deepak Fertilisers, and City Union Bank added 10-15 percent. BSE Mid-cap Index plunged 5.2 percent with L&amp;amp;T Finance, Supreme Industries, Vodafone Idea, Rajesh Exports, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, Steel Authority of India, SJVN, Gujarat Fluorochemicals, AU Small Finance Bank, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, and Aditya Birla Fashion &amp;amp; Retail falling 10-15 percent. The BSE Large-cap Index shed 3.2 percent with IndusInd Bank, ABB India, Siemens, Indus Towers, Bandhan Bank, Adani Energy Solutions, Indian Oil Corporation, DLF, Tata Consumer Products, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Adani Enterprises falling 10-22 percent. On the sectoral front, Nifty Media, Metal, Realty shed 7 percent each, Nifty Oil &amp;amp; gas index fell more than 6 percent, Nifty PSU Bank index declined nearly 6 percent and Nifty Auto index slipped more than 5 percent. In terms of market value, Hindustan Unilever lost the most, followed by Reliance Industries, State Bank of India, and Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro. On the other hand, HDFC Bank, Tech Mahindra, Bajaj Finance added the most of their market-cap. (. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: More than 300 smallcaps lose between 10-32% as broader indices underperform [/INST] The full article is as follows: The broader indices continued their underperformance to the main indices, in the second consecutive week ended October 25 led by weak Q2 performance, selling across the sectors, continued FII outflow, and mixed global markets ahead of US presidential election. This week, BSE Sensex shed 1,822.46 points or 2.24 percent to finish at 79,402.29, while the Nifty50 index fell 673.25 points or 2.70 percent to close at 24,180.80. For the month of October, both the benchmarks shed 6 percent each. The BSE Large-cap Index, BSE Mid-cap Index and BSE Small-cap indices fell 3.2 percent, 5.2 percent and 7.3 percent, respectively. On the sectoral front, Nifty Media, Metal, Realty shed 7 percent each, Nifty Oil &amp;amp; gas index fell more than 6 percent, Nifty PSU Bank index declined nearly 6 percent and Nifty Auto index slipped more than 5 percent. Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) continued pulling out funds from the Indian markets during the week, as they sold equities worth Rs 20,024.27 crore. However, it was compensated by Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) as they purchased equities worth Rs 22,914.63 crore. In the month till now, the FIIs sold equities more than Rs 1 lakh crore, while DIIs purchased equities worth Rs 97,090.83 crore. &quot;Indian equity markets corrected sharply this week as FII continued with selling in Indian markets. Benchmark indices (Nifty 50 and Sensex 30) declined between 2-3% this week. The midcap and the smallcap stocks witnessed selling pressure. As a result, the BSE Midcap and the BSE Smallcap indices underperformed the larger peers and were down between 5-8% on a weekly basis,&quot; said Shrikant Chouhan, Head Equity Research, Kotak Securities. &quot;All the sectoral indices ended the week in the red with multiple indices seeing a weekly fall in excess of 6%. Market sentiment was also weighed down by weaker-than-expected Q2FY25 earnings and a weak commentary. The RBI MPC minutes released this week highlighted the fairly balanced risks to growth-inflation.&quot; &quot;Globally, geo-political development will likely keep the equity markets and prices of certain commodities volatile. In the coming weeks, key events include the US elections and the US FOMC meet. Stock specific action will continue based on Q2FY25 financial performance and management commentary,&quot; he added. The BSE Small-cap index declined 7.3 percent with PNC Infratech, Huhtamaki India, Chennai Petroleum Corporation, KPIT Technologies, Bliss GVS Pharma, RBL Bank, Poonawalla Fincorp, Gravita India, IIFL Securities falling between 20-32 percent. On the other hand, Timex Group India, CARE Ratings, Amber Enterprises India, Deepak Fertilisers, City Union Bank added between 10-15 percent. Where is Nifty50 headed? Amol Athawale, VP-technical Research, Kotak Securities We are of the view that, the current market texture is weak but oversold hence strong possibility of pullback rally from the current levels is not ruled out. For the traders now, 24100/79000 would act as a key support zone. Above the same, we could expect one technical bounce back till 24500/80300 and 100 day SMA or 24600/80600. On the flip side, fresh selloff possible only after dismissal of 24100/79000. Below the same, market could slip till 24000-23800/78700-78300. For Bank Nifty the 50500 would act as a key support zone. Above which, the pullback formation is likely to continue till 51200-51500. On the flip side, below 50500 it could correct till 50250-50000. Tejas Shah, Technical Research, JM Financial &amp;amp; BlinkX Technically, the evidence continues to suggest that the markets are likely to remain under pressure in the near term. However, there is a possibility of a minor pull back rally or sideways consolidation in the next 1 or 2 days after a sharp fall which was witnessed in Friday’s trading session. Support for Nifty is now seen at 24,100 and 24,000. On the higher side, immediate resistance for Nifty is at 24,450-500 levels and the next crucial resistance is at 24,700-750 levels. Vinay Rajani, Senior Technical &amp;amp; Derivative Research Analyst at HDFC Securities Nifty is currently trading below all important moving averages which indicates down trend on all time frames. However, RSI oscillator on Nifty daily chart has reached in to the oversold territory, which could result in to some pullback from the current levels. In case of pullback, Nifty could retrace back to the levels of 24600-24650, which happens to be a neckline level of bearish head and shoulder pattern on the daily chart. Primary trend has been bearish and higher levels should be utilized to lighten long commitments. On the downside, Nifty band of 23900-24000 is likely to act as a immediate support for the Nifty.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: OTM spread option strategy for long weekends: Shubham Agarwal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Often, we are presented with a week that has a trading holiday on Friday or Monday. This creates long weekends. Long weekends pose problems for Option traders on two fronts. 1. Time Value Drop in Premiums Option premium has a crucial element in its premiums that is directly related to time. This means that if the price of the underlying stock or index were not to move a single paisa for the entire expiry, the premium would go down bit by bit every day. This phenomenon is called Theta Decay. Problem of drop in premiums due to Theta Decay becomes bigger when the price cannot move for 3 straight days. In any case the premium is going to fall due to time. This becomes a bigger problem if you are close to expiry. 2. Opening Gaps post weekend Our markets are dependent on many national as well as international developments. Market keeps the prices in sync with the developments. However, a trading holiday especially before or after the weekend may not be able to do so. As a result, what happens is that the lack of sync gets a bigger impact when we open after the long weekend. Negative impact will get a bigger price cut in the opening hour. Similarly, a big gap up in case of positive development when we were in our day-off. Solution: OTM Spread Strategy. What is this strategy? OTM: Higher Strike Calls and Lower Strike Puts compared to the current market Price are called OTM Strikes. Spread: Spread is a strategy that involves Buying and Selling of Options of the same stock. The Strike prices are usually different with the same Option type (Call or Put). In OTM Spread strategy that we are referring to, one Buys an OTM Option and Sells a Further OTM Option. So, for a Call OTM Spread, one would Buy a higher strike Call and Sell even further higher strike Call. For Put one would Buy a lowers strike Put and sell even lower strike Put. Both the options are expected to be of the same expiry. Why Do This? While trading an expected move after the long weekend, we are expecting a big move. So, for a bullish move, a favourable development is expected to push much higher. At the same time an unfavourable development can have equally punishing impact. So, while preparing for Gap Up we should prepare for the Gap Down as well. Secondly, the problem of time value drop has to be solved. Firstly, OTM Spread is more sensitive to the favourable move but less sensitive to unfavourable move (See in the example). As far as time value is concerned, the Buy will lose on Time value, but the Sell Option will gain. This will offset. Example: RELIANCE @ 2687 (on 23rd Oct). Assuming 3 days off, we check Bullish OTM Spread’s expected performance after 3 days both 3% up and 3% down (with the grey line on the chart). The chart shows that if ~3% up one would be making 4400 while similar or even bigger fall would cost just 2000. The best way to trade long weekends is with OTM Spreads both bullish and bearish.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Nasdaq closes higher ahead of a heavy week of earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: The Nasdaq ended higher on Friday, driven by megacap shares, as investors awaited quarterly results from some of Wall Street's biggest companies next week. Tesla shares rose 3.36% a day after surging 22% on the electric vehicle maker's sales forecast. Amazon, Apple and Microsoft also rose. &quot;Tesla numbers helped rekindle some optimism of investors that the Magnificent Seven rally is not over,&quot; said Brian Jacobsen, chief economist at Annex Wealth Management. He was referring to the group of interest rate-sensitive technology stocks which have surged on enthusiasm for artificial intelligence. Chip heavyweight Nvidia gained, briefly overtaking Apple as the world's most valuable company based on its shares. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield edged higher as investors awaited U.S. employment data next week for clues on the likely path of Federal Reserve interest rate cuts. Earlier this week, the yield reached a three-month high of 4.26%, weighing on the stock market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 259.96 points, or 0.61%, to 42,114.40, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 1.74 points, or 0.03%, to 5,808.12 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 103.12 points, or 0.56%, to 18,518.61. The Dow slumped as banking shares fell, with Goldman Sachs down 2.27%, and as fast-food chain McDonald's lost 2.97% while coping with an E. coli outbreak linked to its hamburgers. &quot;Banks have rallied as (U.S. presidential candidate Donald) Trump's odds (of winning) increased, so it seems investors are taking some profits,&quot; said Michael Rosen, chief investment officer at Angeles Investments. Regional lender New York Community Bancorp dropped 8.26% after reporting its fourth straight quarterly loss, primarily due to its commercial real estate loans. Continued uncertainty around the U.S. election has made investors cautious. Equities have been unsettled this week by a rapid rise in yields as bets on rate cuts by the Fed unraveled on expectations of a stronger economic outlook. Only the Nasdaq closed the week with gains. The tech-heavy index rose 0.16%, while the S&amp;amp;P fell 0.96% and the Dow sank 2.68%. &quot;The Fed perhaps got a little too dovish ahead of the data. ... The growth and inflation numbers don't necessarily justify easing behavior,&quot; said Arnim Holzer, global macro strategist at Easterly EAB Risk Solutions. Investors are still pricing in another 25-basis-point rate cut at the Fed's November meeting and about two rate cuts by the end of the year, LSEG data showed. The week starting Oct. 28, the final stretch before the Nov. 5 U.S. presidential election, is crucial for Wall Street. This is when results from megacap tech firms including Alphabet (GOOGL.O), opens new tab, Apple and Microsoft are due, along with the October U.S. nonfarm payrolls report. &quot;Next week looms large with five of the Magnificent Seven stocks reporting and a host of tier one economic releases spanning third quarter,&quot; said Paul Eitelman, chief investment strategist for North America at Russell Investments. Capri Holdings slumped 48.89% after a U.S. judge blocked a pending merger between the fashion holding company and handbag maker Tapestry. Shares of Tapestry rose 13.54%. Reuters Graphics Bar chart with data from Evercore show the S&amp;amp;P 500 average annual returns according to White House and Congress party control since 1928. Most of the 11 S&amp;amp;P sectors closed down, with utilities leading the pack. Declining issues outnumbered advancers by a 1.56-to-1 ratio on the NYSE. There were 180 new highs and 43 new lows on the NYSE. The S&amp;amp;P 500 posted 30 new 52-week highs and two new lows while the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 87 new lows. Volume on U.S. exchanges was 11.54 billion shares, compared with the 11.28 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk deals : Vikasa India EIF I Fund buys 75,000 shares in Pelatro Limited [/INST] The full article is as follows: Vikasa India EIF I Fund-Incube Global Opportunities sold 75,000 shares in Pelatro Limited for an average price of Rs 288.81. Kachasa Investments Private Limited sold 2.08 lakh shares in Mac Charles India for an average price of Rs 580. While RBS Contracts Private Limited bought 2.08 lakh shares in Mac Charles India for an average price of Rs 580. Brescon Ventures Private Limited sold 7,481 shares in Vadilal Enterprises for an average price of Rs 4,150. Nirmal Kumar Deepchand Gangwal sold 17,719 shares in Vadilal Enterprises for an average price of Rs 4,093.07.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: NTPC to add 719 gigabyte of operational capacity by FY27 [/INST] The full article is as follows: NTPC plans to add 719.4 gigabyte of operational capacity by FY27, which will majorly be carried out through its subsidiary, NTPC Green Energy Limited (NGEL), said Jaikumar Srinivasan, director of finance at NTPC in the company's earnings conference call. Capacity addition for the current year is expected to be at 3 gigabytes, 5 gigabytes for FY26, and 8 gigabytes for FY27, the official added. Breaking down the capacity, NTPC has an additional 12 GW in contracted and awarded projects, Srinivasan said. These projects have already secured Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and are in final stages with all necessary documentation completed, he added. He said that 11 GW of renewable energy projects are progressing through various definitive stages. &quot;Though these projects have confirmed commitments, final award terms and PPA documentation are in the process of completion. NTPC anticipates bringing these projects under operational control by year-end,&quot; he added. NTPC reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 5,380 crore for the second quarter of 2024-25, up 14 percent from Rs 4,726 crore in the year-ago period. Revenue from operations in the September quarter was Rs 44,696 crore, a marginal decline from Rs 44,983 crore reported in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year. The company’s board also approved interim dividend of Rs 2.5 per share. NTPC is India's largest integrated power utility, contributing 25 percent of the country's power requirement.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Market extends fall on 5th day; Nifty below 24,200, Sensex slips 663 pts [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian markets extended the fall for a fifth consecutive session on October 25, with the Nifty breaking 24,100 intraday, amid selling across the sectors barring FMCG. At close, the Sensex was down 662.87 points or 0.83 percent at 79,402.29, and the Nifty was down 218.60 points or 0.90 percent at 24,180.80. Amid mixed global cues, the Indian indices opened positive but erased the gains in the opening hour and turned into red. However, as the day progressed, the indices extended the losses with Nifty falling below 24,100. For the week, BSE Sensex and Nifty50 lost more than 2 percent each. Also Read - Relentless FII selling, earnings setbacks and more: Factors behind the selloff on Dalal Street IndusInd Bank, BPCL, Adani Enterprises, Shriram Finance, and M&amp;amp;M were among the top losers on the Nifty, while gainers were ITC, Sun Pharma, Britannia Industries, HUL and Axis Bank. Among sectors, except FMCG (up 0.5 percent) all other indices ended in the red with auto, capital goods, metal, oil &amp;amp; gas, power, telecom, media down 1-2 percent. BSE Midcap index shed 1.5 percent and smallcap index fell 2.4 percent. More than 100 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, CARE Ratings, Cigniti Technologies, Coforge, Deepak Fertilisers, Dixon Technologies, Piramal Pharma, Poly Medicure, Radico Khaitan, Wockhardt, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 200 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Anupam Rasayan, Bandhan Bank, Birla Corp, CSB Bank, IDFC First Bank, IndusInd Bank, ITI, Mishra Dhatu, Poonawalla Fincorp, Prince Pipes, RBL Bank, Relaxo Footwear, Sheela Foam, Tanla Platforms, TCI Express, Trident, Ujjivan Small, Vodafone Idea, Zee Entertainment, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 28 Rupak De, Senior Technical Analyst, LKP Securities The Nifty slipped below recent consolidation as the lack of follow-up buying attracted selling pressure in the market, decisively falling below 24350. The sentiment appears extremely weak, with pullbacks likely to be sold into. Any rise toward 24300-24400 may be used to reduce long positions. Near-term support is placed at 24000; a break below this level could lead the index into a downtrend. Ajit Mishra – SVP, Research, Religare Broking Markets resumed their downtrend after a two-day pause, shedding nearly 1%. Following a flat opening, Nifty gradually declined throughout the session, although a slight bounce in the last hour helped trim some losses. Ultimately, it closed at 24,180, down by 0.90%. Key sectors such as metals, autos, and energy were among the hardest hit, with broader indices also declining by almost 2% each. The index’s movement reflects that bears are still in control, and a decisive break below 24,000 could worsen the outlook. In the event of a rebound, 24,500 will now serve as a strong resistance level. Traders should maintain a “sell on rise” strategy, as most sectors and broader indices remain under pressure. Focus should remain on earnings and Foreign Institutional Investor (FII) flows for further cues. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened on a flat note and witnessed a sharp correction today. It closed in the negative down ~219 points. On the daily charts we can observe that the Nifty after a one day pause has resumed its fall. It has reached 24000 – 24050 which coincides with a psychological support as well as the daily lower Bollinger band which shall restrict a sharp decline from heron. The trend remains negative, however there can be a pullback towards 24350 towards key hourly moving averages which should be used as a selling opportunity. On the downside, 24000 is likely from short term perspective. Bank Nifty witnessed a severe decline and closed down 744 points. The structure is weak and is now aligning with the broader market. On the downside we expect Bank Nifty to drift lower towards 49500 - 49400 from short term perspective.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Nippon Life India Asset Management; target of Rs 840: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Nippon Life India Asset Management Core revenues grew 44% y-o-y/ 13% q-o-q driven by strong growth in mutual fund AUM (up 57% y-o-y/ 14% q-o-q). Overall AUM reached Rs 6.5 lakh crore (up 50% y-o-y). Blended revenue yields were at 42 bps stable q-o-q and lower by 4 bps y-o-y. Core PBT grew by 57% y-o-y/ 19% q-o-q. Overall, the market share rose by 9 bps q-o-q in mutual fund AUM to 8.3%. Equity market share (ex-ETFs) also rose 8 bps q-o-q to 6.96%. Equity AUMs rose ~70% y-o-y and 16% q-o-q. SIP flows rose by 20% q-o-q and market share in SIP flows has improved to ~12-13% vs ~10% y-o-y. Outlook We maintain a Buy with an unchanged PT of Rs. 840. At CMP, the stock trades at 30.3x/ 27.4x/ 23.6x its FY2025E / FY2026E/ FY2027E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Colgate-Palmolive; target of Rs 3000: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Colgate-Palmolive We reiterate our REDUCE call on Colgate due to a high base for growth delivery ahead. The company has executed well on oral care and consistently surprised the street with its performance. However, amid a tough demand setting now, we see price power waning which will limit margin delivery ahead and result in muted earnings. Q2 results were a miss – 10% sales growth (3% lower than our estimate) and 4% adj PAT growth (11% lower). We believe business diversification is key for double-digit growth ahead; the company could double down on personal care offerings which, though, could be margin dilutive. Outlook After Q2 results and weak management commentary, we cut FY25-27E earnings 5- 8% and lower our target valuation multiple, from 50x to 47x (now at 10% premium to the last 5YF avg P/E). Our new Sep-25E TP is Rs 3,000. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UGRO Capital; target of Rs 360: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on UGRO Capital Ugro reported a satisfactory performance in Q2FY25, where it delivered a strong performance in terms of highest-ever net disbursement of Rs19.7bn (+34% YoY; +71% QoQ) and AUM reaching Rs101.6bn (+34% YoY; +10% QoQ). The momentum on fund mobilization and co-lending/direct assignment was strong in the quarter, leading to strong growth in Assignment income. Additional write-off in the rundown supply chain finance book led to a surge in credit cost for the quarter, affecting profitability. Overall, the company is on the right track to deliver sustained strong growth with better profitability driven by operating leverage and improvement in funding cost. To reflect Q2FY25 developments, we have adjusted our FY25-27 estimates leading to ~6-10% cut in FY25-27 EPS. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with revised Sep-25E TP of Rs360 (earlier Rs390), implying FY26E P/BV of 1.6x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndusInd Bank; target of Rs 1650: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on IndusInd Bank IndusInd Bank (IIB) reported a sharp 42% earnings miss in 2Q with PAT/RoA at Rs13.3bn/1%, mainly due to slower credit growth (13% YoY), lower fees (partly due to lower penal fees), and higher LLP. Higher provisions in 2Q were primarily due to elevated MFI stress across players and partly to shore-up contingent provision buffer (Rs5.3bn in 2Q, though little later than guided) to Rs15.3bn/0.4% of loans. Gross slippages were higher at 2.1% (vs 1.8% in 1Q) largely due to stress in MFI and some slip-up in CE, Card, and TW, leading to 9bps QoQ uptick in GNPA ratio to 2%. Going forward, the bank guides for calibrated growth mostly led by secured loans, and expects asset quality relief by 4Q and so also on provisions. Factoring in slower growth, fees, and higher LLP, we cut earnings for FY25/26/27E by 17%/10%/3%. Outlook We cut our TP to Rs1,650 from Rs1,800, valuing the bank at 1.8x Sep-26E ABV. However, we retain BUY on the stock given its cheaper valuation and expected steady improvement in RoA to 1.8% in FY27E from 1.4% in FY25E, led by better margins benefiting from the rate-cut cycle and contained LLP. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ujjivan Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 45: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Ujjivan SFB reported 24% PAT miss at Rs2.3bn, mainly due to lower other income and higher provisions, as stress in MFI accelerates. Bank’s AUM growth moderated to 14% YoY/1% QoQ (net credit growth at 20% YoY), as it continued with its cautious growth strategy in MFI as initiated in 1Q. However, the bank remains focused on accelerating secured loan growth with its share now at 35% from 31% in Q1; it hopes to achieve 40% by Mar-25. This should weigh on margins, while LLP should remain elevated with hopes of some asset quality normalization by 4Q. However, the bank aspires for steady RoE at 18- 20% on the back of better risk-adjusted margins, better operating leverage, and contained LLP as it transitions toward higher share of secured loans. Factoring in lower NIM/higher LLP, we cut earnings for FY25E/26E/27E by 24%/14%/8%. We also cut our TP further to Rs45 from Rs55, valuing the bank now at 1.1x Sep-26E ABV. However, we retain BUY given relatively superior RoAs among peers and the potential transition to being a Universal Bank. Outlook Factoring in lower NIM/higher LLP, we cut earnings for FY25E/26E/27E by 24%/14%/8%. We also cut our TP further to Rs45 from Rs55, valuing the bank at 1.1x Sep-26E ABV. However, we retain BUY given relatively superior RoAs among peers and potential transition towards a Universal Bank. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SBI Life Insurance Company; target of Rs 1901: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on SBI Life Insurance Company The Gross Written Premium (GWP) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 204,132 Mn, a growth of 1.2% YoY (+31.1% QoQ), primarily led by a 15.8% YoY growth in the renewal premium. GWP missed our estimates. The Value of the New Business (VNB) declined by 2.7% YoY (+49.5% QoQ) to INR 14,500 Mn. PAT for Q2FY25 was INR 5,294 Mn, a growth of 39.3% YoY (+1.9% QoQ). As of September 30, 2024, AUM stood at INR 4,389.5 Bn, a growth of 27.2% YoY (+5.8% QoQ), with a debt-equity mix of 60:40. The embedded value for the quarter ended September 2024 stood at INR 660.7 Bn, a growth of 28.9% YoY and an operating return on embedded value (ROEV) of 19.5%, indicating that SBILIFE is efficiently generating returns on its existing business. SBILIFE’s solvency ratio as of September 30, 2024, stood at 2.04x, which is significantly above the regulatory requirement of 1.5x. Outlook We revise our target price to INR 1,901 per share (earlier INR 2,160), assigning a multiple of 2.2x (earlier 2.5x) for its FY26E embedded value. Accordingly, we maintain our “BUY” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Navin Fluorine International; target of Rs 3769: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Navin Fluorine International Navin Fluorine International Ltd. (NFIL) Q2FY25 earnings exceeded projections while revenue missed our estimates. Revenue increased to INR 5,186 Mn by 9.9% YoY (-1.0% QoQ), missing our estimates by 4.4%. EBITDA stood at INR 1,074 Mn, up 9.2% YoY (+7.0% QoQ), missing our expectations by 3.5%. EBITDA margin came in at 20.7%, down 14bps YoY (+154bps QoQ). The QoQ improvement in margin was attributable to improved gross margin by (+80bps) and a reduction in other expenses (+64bps). PAT came in at INR 588 Mn, down 2.9% YoY (+14.9% QoQ) and exceeded our expectations. PAT margin stood at 11.3% down 150bps YoY (+157bps QoQ). We project FY26E EPS of INR 89.7 and assign a P/E multiple of 42.0x, reflecting our confidence in the company’s ability to enhance margins, capitalize on increased capacity, and robust sales from the HPP segment. Outlook Additionally, stable Hydrofluoroolefins (HFO) operations, maximized capacity utilization, and improved productivity further support our outlook Accordingly, we arrive at a TP of INR 3,769 and retain our “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of NFIL. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Godrej Consumer Products; target of Rs 1545: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Godrej Consumer Products Godrej Consumer Products Limited’s (GCPL’s) Q2FY2025 performance was in line with expectations with revenue rising ~2% y-o-y (high single-digit domestic volume growth), OPM rising by 70 bps y-o-y to 20.8% and adjusted PAT growing by 12% y-o-y. India business volume growth of 7% is much better as compared with some large FMCG peers in the current muted demand environment. International biz continues see margin expansion supporting overall profitability. H2 is expected to post double-digit revenue growth with price-led growth in soaps, while HI to post low double-digit growth, while liquid detergents to register strong scale up in sales. Margins to remain under pressure in the near term. Outlook The stock has corrected by 19% from its recent high and trades at 59x/47x/41x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E earnings, respectively. We maintain a Buy with revised PT of Rs. 1,545. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DCB Bank skyrockets 10% after healthy Q2FY25 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of DCB Bank surged 10 percent to Rs 121 apiece on October 25 after the lender reported healthy July-September quarter (Q2FY25) results. The bank reported a 22.6 percent year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit to Rs 155.5 crore for Q2FY25, while net interest income (NII) grew 7 percent YoY to Rs 509.2 crore. On the asset quality front, net non-performing assets (NNPA) improved slightly to 1.17 percent in Q2FY25, compared to 1.18 percent in the previous quarter. Similarly, the gross non-performing assets (GNPA) ratio declined to 3.29 percent, down from 3.33 percent in Q1FY25. “Our growth momentum remains strong across both deposits and advances,” said Praveen Kutty, Managing Director and CEO. “A greater focus on analytics and customer engagement is driving growth in fee income. Recoveries and upgrades have been encouraging, and we are actively working on enhancing productivity. Looking ahead, we anticipate steady improvement in profitability.” ALSO READ: Should investors bet on DCB Bank? DCB Bank has 451 branches across 20 states and 2 union territories. It is a scheduled commercial bank regulated by the Reserve Bank of India. Following its Q2 update, Kotak Institutional Equities maintained their 'buy' rating and kept target price unchanged at Rs 160 per share. &quot;The quarter had no new negative surprises on most operating ratios that we monitor. Cost of funds appears to have peaked, as it has remained unchanged for the past three quarters, while yields have shown a marginal decline, but is less worrisome and not a sign of any intense competition on the ground. The slower growth in select high-yielding products has mostly led to this performance,&quot; the brokerage firm added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Afcons Infra IPO: Issue sees muted response with 10% subscription on Day 1 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Afcons Infrastructure's Rs 5,430-crore initial public offer (IPO) was off to a slow start on October 25, the first day of bidding, after the issue was subscribed just 10 percent. The public offer drew bids for 85.94 lakh shares as against 8.66 crore shares on offer, according to exchange data. Afcons Infrastructure is a key engineering and construction arm of the Shapoorji Pallonji group, boasting over 60 years of experience. The company is globally present in Asia, Africa and the Middle East. The company has five major infrastructure business verticals. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates As per NSE data, retail investors were at the forefront, buying 14 percent of the portion reserved for them. The non-institutional investors portion was booked just 11 percent times while the employee quota was subscribed 39 percent. QIBs or Qualified Institutional Buyers bought 1 percent shares of their reserved portion. The issue is a combination of a fresh issue of 2.7 crore shares aggregating to Rs 1,250 crore and an offer for sale of 9.03 crore shares aggregating to Rs 4,180 crore. The company plans to use the IPO proceeds to fund several objectives, including capital expenditure for purchasing construction equipment, meeting long-term working capital needs, prepaying or repaying a portion of certain outstanding borrowings and acceptances, and for general corporate purposes.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Schaeffler India; target of Rs 4170: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Schaeffler India Reported APAT at Rs 247 crore against estimate of Rs 256 crore (up 5.1% y-o-y), while EBITDA margins contracted by 40 bps y-o-y to 18.1% (against estimate of 18%). Exports to Europe remain weak though those to other destinations are performing well. Outlook We retain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 4170 in anticipation of sustenance in domestic demand, success in the high-value EV business, increased localisation, and expectation of improvement in the aftermarket segment. Stock trades at a P/E multiple of40.8x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 26.4 its CY2026 estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bank stocks under pressure as lenders flag stress in MFI portfolio, weaker asset quality [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bank stocks were under pressure on October 25 in an overall weak market led by 20 percent drop in IndusInd Bank shares as it flagged stress in its micro-finance portfolio and deteriorating asset quality picture. Others like AU Small Finance Bank, Canara Bank, PNB, IDFC First Bank, and Bank of Baroda also bore the brunt of the worst of selloff and declined in the range of 2-6 percent. Apart from IndusInd Bank, Kotak Mahindra, RBL Bank, and AU Small Finance Bank have reported stress in their asset quality, with significant increase in bad loans driven by stress in credit card and microfinance loans. IndusInd Bank, in its latest second-quarter update, reported a surprise 39 percent year-on-year drop in net profit due to higher provisions, shrinking margins, and worsening asset quality. Following a disappointing Q2 performance, brokerages slashed target prices of the lender. Nuvama Institutional Equities, for instance, cut target price to Rs 1,290 apiece and downgraded the stock to 'hold' from 'buy.' ALSO READ: IndusInd Bank sees higher provisions as one-time profit hit, expects gradual easing of MFI stress Nirmal Bang, too, downgraded the stock to 'hold' from 'buy' and cut target price to Rs 1,443 from Rs 1,653. &quot;The stock will see an overhang from the near-term perspective owing to slowdown in loan growth, stress in secured and unsecured loan segments, pending RBI nod from Sumanth Kathpalia's tenure extension,&quot; they said. Meanwhile, RBL Bank had also said that the stress in micro-finance book is due to industry-wide issues. Fresh slippages of the lender nearly doubled to Rs 1,026 crore during the quarter, wherein 70 percent came in from credit cards and the rest from micro-finance.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Strides Pharma Sciences; target of Rs 1874: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Strides Pharma Sciences Q2FY25 revenues totaling Rs. 1,201 crore, demonstrating a significant y-o-y growth rate of 20%. EBITDA stood at Rs. 236 crore, marking a remarkable y-o-y increase of 31%. This strong performance not only underscores operational efficiency but also maintains a healthy EBITDA margin of 20%, indicating effective cost management alongside revenue growth. US segment achieved record-breaking revenues of $75 million in Q2FY25, showcasing an impressive growth of 26.2% compared to the same period last year. Outlook Currently, the stock trades at an appealing valuation of 26x and 21x its estimated EPS for FY2026 and FY2027, respectively that suggests promising investment opportunities, justifying a revised price target of Rs. 1,874. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coforge; target of Rs 8900: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Coforge Coforge reported revenue of $369.4 million, up 26.8% q-o-q/32.8% y-o-y. Organic revenue stood at $309.8 million, up 5.5% q-o-q in constant currency terms, beating our estimate of $305.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin declined ~127 bps q-o-q to 16.6% owing to wage hike. The executable order book over the next 12 months jumped to $1.3 billion from $1.07 billion, up 40% y-o-y. The company is committed to its medium-term guidance of not only reaching the $2 billion mark but also delivering a concurrent material expansion in EBITDA. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 8,900 (valued at 40x its Sep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 49.3/39/31x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ramkrishna Forgings; target of Rs 1111: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Ramkrishna Forgings Adjusted PBT at Rs 126.3 crore was in line estimates, but APAT missed estimates on higher tax provisions. Company continued to guide for a 15-20% volume growth guidance in near term. Outlook We maintain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 1111 on diversification strategies, robust guidance, firm business plan and management’s focus on sustaining high OPM. Stock trades at P/E multiple of 25.7x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 13.3x its FY27E estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bikaji Foods share price leaps 10% as investors cheer strong Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bikaji Foods International surged up to nearly 10 percent after the company reported positive quarterly earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. (Q2 FY25). The snacks manufacturer reported a net profit rise of 14.7 percent on-year at Rs 68.6 crore during the quarter under review. The company's revenue surged by 19 percent YoY to Rs 721.2 crore during this period. At the operation level, Bikaji's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) rose 22 percent YoY to Rs 106.7 crore, with the EBITDA margin expanding to 14.8 percent from 14.4 per cent a year earlier. Bikaji Foods International is the third largest ethnic snacks manufacturer in India, with an international presence selling Indian snacks and sweets. It is also the second fastest-growing company in the Indian organised snacks market. Its product range includes six principal categories: bhujia, namkeen, packaged sweets, papad, western snacks, and other snacks, which primarily feature gift packs (assortments), frozen food, mathri, and cookies. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Segment-wise, revenue from the papad category grew by 26 percent YoY, while western snacks and packaged sweets saw increases of 23 percent and 22 percent, respectively. Ethnic snacks revenue rose by 10.5 percent, contributing 63.8 percent to overall revenue, while papads accounted for 4.1 percent, and western snacks and packaged goods contributed 8.3 percent and 17.5 percent, respectively. At 12:12 pm, Bikaji Foods shares were trading over 4 percent higher at Rs 870.65 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 60 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 85 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Colgate Palmolive India; target of Rs 3555: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Colgate Palmolive India Colgate-Palmolive (India)’s (Colgate’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were mixed with revenue coming in line with expectations, while margins missed mark owing to higher advertising spends. Revenue grew by 10% y-o-y while OPM fell by 206 bps y-o-y leading to lower PAT growth at 3.9% y-o-y. Toothpaste delivered another quarter of high single-digit volume growth driven by core brands, while toothbrush segment continued to grow in double digits led by premiumisation. Higher ad spends (up by ~18% y-o-y) dented OPM, which came in at 30.7% versus expectation of ~34%. Outlook The stock trades at premium valuations of 59x/53x/47x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E earnings, respectively. With an unfavourable risk-reward ratio, we maintain a Hold with an unchanged PT of Rs. 3,555. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Afcons Infrastructure IPO; Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services, Afcons Infrastructure Ltd Afcons Infrastructure Ltd. (AIL), the flagship infrastructure, engineering, and construction company of the Shapoorji Pallonji Group, was founded in 1959. AIL’s diverse portfolio includes marine and industrial, surface transport, urban infrastructure, hydro and underground, and oil and gas projects. With a significant international footprint, AIL derives about 30% of its revenue from exports, operating in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East. Over the last 11 years, AIL has completed 79 projects in 17 countries, totalling ₹56,305cr. in contract value. The Indian construction industry, valued at ₹23,978 billion in FY23, is projected to be the world’s fastest-growing construction market. It is expected to grow at a CAGR of ~10% from FY23 to FY28, reaching ₹38,508.9 billion by FY28. (Source: Fitch Report). As of June 30, 2024, AIL had 65 active projects across 12 countries, with an order book totalling ₹31,747cr. The order book to sales ratio for FY24 stood at 2.4x, providing revenue visibility for the next 2 to 3 years. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the company was an ‘L1 bidder’ for projects worth ₹10,732.36cr. For FY24, the company achieved a healthy ROCE (15.3%), ROE (12.5%), EBITDA margins (10.3%), and PAT margins (3.4%) among its peers due to its execution capability. Valuation and Outlook Considering its extensive experience in completing high-value and complex projects that offer better margins. Geographical diversification with operations across multiple sectors broadens their revenue base and mitigates risks. With a robust order book and a successful track record of project completion, we assign a “Subscribe” rating for medium- to long-term investment. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold ICICI Prudential Life Insurance; target of Rs 750: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance For Q2FY25, the VNB margin stood at 23.4%, a decline of 458 bps YoY/ 64 bps QoQ). The decline in VNB margin was primarily due to two factors: a) the shift in the underlying product mix towards unit link and the decline in the non-participating business, and b) the impact of macroeconomic factors such as the decline in G-Sec yields. For H1FY25, the company reported a cost to TWRP of 29.4%. This ratio declined from 32.6% in Q1FY25), indicating an improvement in cost efficiency. The cost to TWRP for the savings line of business stood at 17.9% in H1FY25, down from 19.2% in Q1FY25. Total APE stood at INR 25,040 Mn for Q2FY25, reporting a growth of 21.4% YoY/ 27.6% QoQ. This was led by a continued surge of 34.6% YoY in the first-year premium segment. The New Business Premium (NBP) saw a 12.2% YoY growth during the quarter. The single premium segment reported a muted growth of 0.9% YoY. Driven by the strong APE growth, the company gained 1.1% private sector market share on an RWRP (Renewal Weighted Received Premium) basis, reaching 10.3% in H1FY25. The credit life growth in Q2FY25 was subdued, primarily due to a slowdown in the Microfinance Institution (MFI) segment. The company actively seeks to add new financial institution partners to its credit life distribution network to broaden its reach and reduce reliance on any single partner. IPRU has added ten new partners in Q2FY25. Outlook We assign a 1.8x P/EV (unchanged) on FY26E EVPS of INR 416.0 to arrive at a Target Price of INR 750 per share (unchanged), indicating a 0.4% upside from the CMP. Accordingly, we maintain our rating of “HOLD” on the shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank no more in league of India's 10 most valuable lenders [/INST] The full article is as follows: IndusInd Bank dropped from the league of 10 most-valued lenders in terms of market capitalisation after its stock declined most since pandemic dragged by poor earnings in the September quarter. The IndusInd Bank stock dropped 18 percent, making its steepest fall since March 2020, to hit over one-year low of Rs 1,065 a share. As the lender's m-cap went down to Rs 81,000 crore, it moved to the 12th spot on the list of most valued banks, while Canara Bank, IDBI Bank and Union Bank moved into the elite club. HDFC Bank, India’s most profitable lender, is the most valuable bank in India with a market cap of Rs 13.25 lakh crore, followed by ICICI Bank at Rs8.81 lakh crore and state-run State Bank of India at Rs6.97 lakh crore. Axis Bank came fourth, followed by Kotak Mahindra Bank, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Canara Bank, IDBI Bank and Union Bank. IndusInd Bank reported a weak quarter, marked by increased provisions, declining other income, and slower growth in higher-yielding loans. Several brokerages too have cut its target price. The bank's deposit growth, however, remained robust, driven by term deposits. Its net interest margin (NIM) sharply contracted due to rising costs and sluggish growth in higher-yielding assets. Additionally, asset quality ratios slightly worsened as fresh slippages, mainly from the consumer finance segment, remained high. In Q2FY25, the bank's consolidated net profit plummeted 40 percent on-year to Rs 1,331 crore, significantly missing expectations, primarily due to nearly doubling the loan loss provisions. Operating expenses, including finance costs, rose faster than income, further impacting profits. While net interest income (NII) grew 5 percent, the net interest margin (NIM) declined to 4.08 percent from 4.29 percent a year earlier. Provisions reached Rs 1,820 crore, up 87 percent from Rs 974 crore. Additionally, the gross non-performing asset (GNPA) ratio increased 9 basis points to 2.11 percent, and the net NPA ratio rose 7 basis points to 0.64 percent. Several PSU banks, including Bank of Baroda, PNB, IOB, Union Bank of India, and Canara Bank, saw a significant surge since last one year, each crossing a market capitalisation of Rs 1 lakh crore. The rally in the PSU stocks was also after strong earnings, lower provisioning and drop in non-performing assets.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Supreme Petrochem; target of Rs 877: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Supreme Petrochem Supreme Petrochem reported better-than-expected top-line growth compared to our estimates due to an increase in price realization. However, profitability was in-line with our estimate with stable pricing in key raw material Styrene Monomer. We believe continued robust domestic demand, especially in the OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) sector, and EPS (Expandable polystyrene) capacity expansion and a new Mass ABS (Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene) project will drive future growth. We lower our FY25E/FY26E estimates by 2.1% and 0.9%, respectively due to reduction in volume guidance. Outlook We assign a P/E multiple of 27.0x (previously: 27.5x) on FY26E EPS of INR 32.5 to arrive at a target price of INR 877/share (previously: INR 903/share) as exports are under pressure with geopolitical uncertainty. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank share price nosedives 15% as Q2 results disappoint; brokerages remain bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IndusInd Bank plunged 15 percent on October 25, falling the most in nearly 5 months after the lender reported a poor set of numbers for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (Q2 FY25). Data also showed that 2.38 million shares of the bank changed hands in different block deals. IndusInd Bank reported a significant drop in its consolidated net profit for Q2 FY25, falling 39.5 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 1,331 crore. The bank’s net interest income (NII), a key indicator of profitability, saw a growth of 5 percent on-year to Rs 5,347 crore during the July-September quarter. Despite the growth in NII, the overall profit fell, indicating pressure on other financial metrics. However, the growth in NII was below market expectations. The bank’s net interest margin (NIM), a key indicator of profitability, fell to 4.08 percent from 4.29 percent in the year-ago period, indicating some pressure on margins. At 9:55 am, IndusInd Bank shares were trading 14 percent lower at Rs 1,099.30 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). HSBC still maintained a 'buy' rating on IndusInd Bank but lowered its target price to Rs 1,510 per share from Rs 1,770 earlier. The downgrade stems from disappointing performance in microfinance loans, which led to adverse movements in loan growth, net interest margins (NIM), and credit costs. Consequently, the brokerage reduced its earnings per share (EPS) estimates by 8.7 percent to 21.4 percent for FY25-27, reflecting the impact of lower loan growth and pressure on earnings metrics. Despite these challenges, HSBC highlighted that at 1.3 times FY26 book value per share, the company presents a favorable risk-to-reward ratio. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Motilal Oswal also issued a 'buy' call for IndusInd Bank, setting a target price of Rs 1,500 per share. The second quarter was noted as weak, but the bank is navigating near-term challenges, it said. The brokerage reduced its earnings estimates by 16.7 percent and 8.7 percent for FY25 and FY26, respectively, projecting a return on assets (RoA) and return on equity (RoE) of 1.6 percent and 13.6 percent by FY26. Key near-term events to monitor include the progression of asset quality in the microfinance business and the RBI's approval for a fresh term for the bank’s MD and CEO, said Motilal Oswal. IndusInd Bank's provisions and contingencies ballooned 87 percent YoY basis to Rs 1,820 crore from Rs 974 logged in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal. This includes an increase of Rs 525 crore in the contingent provisions as a prudent measure by the bank. Total loan-related provisions stood at Rs 8,412 crores (2.4% of loan book) as of September 30, the lender said. Provisions represent liabilities whose timing or amount is uncertain. Banks set aside these amounts from their profits to cover potential expenses or obligations. As a liability account, provisions involve allocating and reserving resources for these anticipated costs. Contingent liabilities, on the other hand, are potential obligations that may emerge in the future as a result of current or past events.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: L&T shares fall 2% as UBS downgrades to 'neutral' citing near term hurdles [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Larsen and Toubro, also known as L&amp;amp;T, were off to a weak start on the bourses on October 25 after falling 2 percent to Rs 3,378 after UBS downgraded the stock to 'neutral' and slashed the target price as it saw a slew of headwinds in the coming quarters. With a price target of Rs 4,000, the brokerage highlights an upside potential of 16 percent from the last closing price of Rs 3,443. The previous target price given by the brokerage was Rs 4,400. L&amp;amp;T shares have slipped 11 percent in the past month. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The international broking firm suggests that even as core earnings remain supportive, it is anticipated there could likely be a slowdown in new order growth, which the market typically values more highly than core earnings for L&amp;amp;T. Analysts at the firm believe that managing returns and cash flow will be critical as the company shows a reduced appetite for growing its order book. Despite these challenges, UBS notes that the valuation discount compared to industrial incumbents provides some comfort. In August, the construction major's Power Transmission &amp;amp; Distribution (PT&amp;amp;D) vertical secured new mega orders, valued between Rs 10,000 crore and Rs 15,000 crore, to strengthen and expand electricity grids in the Middle East. At about 9:40 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 3,384, lower by 2 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: NTPC share price fall 3% despite Q2 results beating Street estimates; PSU stock outruns Nifty YTD [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of NPTC fell over 3 percent in early deals on October 25 even after state-run power generator reported a positive set of earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, beating Street estimates. NTPC's consolidated net profit rose 14 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 5,380 crore in Q2FY25. Its revenue from operations, however, declined marginally YoY to Rs 44,696 crore in the September quarter. The company’s board also approved interim dividend of Rs 2.5 per share. NTPC is India's largest integrated power utility, contributing 25 percent of the country's power requirement. The PSU generated 220 billion units (BU) in H1 FY25 as compared to 212 billion units in the same period last year. NTPC’s standalone gross generation in H1 FY25 was 186 billion units as compared to 179 billion units in the corresponding previous period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The gross electricity generation of NTPC decreased to 88.46 billion units (BU) during the second quarter from 90.30 BU a year ago. Its coal output from captive mines increased to 9.03 MMT in the quarter from 5.59 MMT in the year-ago period. The production also rose during April-September this fiscal to 18.67 MMT from 11.83 MMT. NTPC's Plant load factor (PLF) or capacity utilisation of coal-based thermal power plants fell to 72.28 percent in the quarter from 75.83 percent. Domestic coal supply improved to 54.75 MMT in the second quarter from 54.16 MMT. NTPC coal stations achieved a Plant Load Factor (PLF) of 76.31 percent as against the national average of 70.63 percent during H1 FY25. The total installed capacity of the NTPC group stood at 76,443 MW in Q2FY25 against 73,824 MW in the year-ago period. On a standalone basis, NTPC reported a total installed capacity of 59,168 MW, up from 57,838 MW in Q2FY25. At 9:26 am, NTPC shares were trading around 3 percent lower at Rs 399 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 29 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has rallied 72 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 25, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The country got an average rainfall of 18.4 mm in the week ended Wednesday, 23% above the normal rainfall of 15.0 mm for the period, the India Meteorological Department said. Two out of four homogeneous regions in the country received above-normal showers during the week, the weather bureau said. Central India received 97% above-normal showers during the week at 18.6 mm. Subdivisions such as west Madhya Pradesh, the Gujarat region, Saurashtra and Kutch, Konkan and Goa, central Maharashtra, Marathwada, and Vidarbha recorded large excess rainfall due to heavy rains in these regions. The South peninsula recorded 51.7 mm rain, 56% higher than the normal rainfall for the period, the data showed. Rainfall in northwest India recorded a 79% deficit during the week at 1.0 mm. Similarly, east and northeast India received 54% below-normal rainfall at 10.7 mm during the week, the agency said. Of the 36 subdivisions in the country, rainfall was &quot;normal&quot; in five and &quot;excess&quot; in one during the week. Rainfall was &quot;large excess&quot; in 12 subdivisions, while it was &quot;deficient&quot; in eight. The rainfall was &quot;large deficient&quot; in nine subdivisions. One subdivision received no rain during the week. Since Oct. 1, India has received 65.2 mm of rainfall, 3% above the normal level of 63.2 mm for the period. The Cotton Association of India has estimated the country's cotton production in 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) at 30.2 million bales (1 bale = 170 kg), down 7.1% on year. The committee, however, said there could be a variation of 5% in the cotton pressings and balance sheet numbers on account of an unpredictable monsoon pattern and other factors influencing the crop, according to the release. Cotton production in the north zone, which comprises Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan, is pegged at 3.6 million bales in the 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) season. Output in the central zone, which includes Gujarat, Maharashtra, and Madhya Pradesh, is seen at 18.9 million bales in 2024-25 against 20.0 million bales the previous year, according to the Cotton Association of India. Production in the south zone comprising Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu is seen at 7.2 million bales against 7.4 million bales during the previous season, and other states will account for the rest of the output. The association has estimated domestic demand in 2024-25 at 31.3 million bales, the same as the previous year. It has pegged exports at 1.8 million bales, against the previous estimate of 2.85 million bales. The cotton body sees 2024-25 closing stock at 2.64 million bales against 3.02 million bales a year ago.The opening stock for the season starting October is estimated at 3.02 million bales against 2.89 million bales a year ago, the association said. The total supply of cotton till the end of the cotton season 2024-25 is estimated at 35.7 mln bales, against 37.2 million bales in the previous season. The association has estimated imports in 2024-25 at 2.5 million bales, up from 1.75 million bales from its previous estimate. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages cheer for ITC stock after Q2 earnings smoke expectations amid challenging market [/INST] The full article is as follows: Brokerages ignited enthusiasm for ITC stock after the company delivered a standout earnings report for the quarter ended September 2024. With impressive performance in key segments, especially in cigarette volumes and a thriving hotel business, ITC captured the attention of market analysts. The latest results not only exceeded expectations but also highlighted the company's resilience in navigating challenges such as weak home consumption and inflationary pressures. Nomura has put a 'buy' call on ITC with a target price of Rs 555 per share. The brokerage noted a good sales performance in the second quarter, although margins were pressured across various segments. ITC Ltd reported a standalone net profit of Rs 5,078.3 crore for Q2 FY25, reflecting a 3.1% year-on-year increase. Total revenue for the July-September quarter reached Rs 19,327.8 crore, up 16.8% year on year. Specifically, cigarette volume grew by 3% on-year (YoY), surpassing the estimated growth of 2.5%, but margins contracted by 145 basis points. The FMCG segment also reported a growth of 5.4%, which was in line with expectations, though it faced a margin contraction of 37 basis points. The hotel business demonstrated strong performance, while paper sales showed improvement; however, operating profit margins were further affected. The agricultural segment provided a pleasant surprise. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Morgan Stanley has rated ITC as 'Overweight', setting a target price of Rs 554 per share. Key positives in the second quarter were driven by net cigarette revenues and robust momentum in the hotel business, alongside a rebound in the agricultural sector. However, the brokerage highlighted several key negatives, including weak home consumption, inflation in food inputs, and rising tobacco leaf costs. Additionally, overall weakness was observed in the paper segment, indicating challenges that the company needs to address moving forward. ITC's Q2FY25 was characterised by subdued demand, localised heavy rainfall, high food inflation and increases in certain input costs. According to the company, despite global economic challenges, India's economy remains robust due to the government's strategic policy interventions and focus on infrastructure development. Factors such as a good crop harvest, anticipated inflation moderation, improved agricultural terms of trade, and government investment in public infrastructure and rural development are expected to boost consumption demand, the management said. Goldman Sachs reiterated its 'Buy' rating on ITC, raising the target price from Rs 515 to Rs 525, reflecting confidence in the company's performance despite a challenging consumption environment. Nuvama highlighted that ITC has sustained its market leadership in the cigarette space and delivered decent performance (both top-line and profitability) amid a heavy taxation burden. &quot;The eChoupal network established by ITC gives it a phenomenal sourcing edge, which has helped it transform into a consumer giant, especially in the foods business. ITC’s FMCG business has shown good operating profitability in FY19 onwards,&quot; the brokerage said. Also Read | ITC Q2FY25 results: Net profit jumps 3.1% to Rs 5078.3 crore, revenue rises 16% Analysts at Nuvama expect that trend to improve, going ahead. Paper business helps address the packaging needs of FMCG business with consistent quality and comparatively lower costs. Meanwhile, Agri business has seen robust performance aided by tobacco leaf and traded commodities exports; provides strategic sourcing support to the company’s cigarette and branded packaged foods businesses by ensuring high quality supplies. &quot;We expect ITC’s cigarette EBIT growth to remain resilient and FMCG’s profitability surge to sustain,&quot; said Nuvama as it reaffirmed a 'buy' rating on the stock and raised the target price to Rs 585 from Rs 580 earlier. In the previous session, ITC shares closed 2 percent lower at Rs 470.70 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around half a percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 9 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Insolation Energy wins Rs 208-crore order; share price trade lower [/INST] The full article is as follows: Insolation Energy shares price was trading lower in the early on October 25 after the company's wholly owned subsidiary Insolation Green Energy has awarded purchase order for the supply of Solar PV Modules at NTPC Khavada Gujarat Site. At 09:24am, Insolation Energy was quoting at Rs 3,483.00, down Rs 63.50, or 1.79 percent, on the BSE. Zetwerk Manufacturing Business has awarded a contract worth Rs 208.31 crore for supply 550 Wp SPV Modules to be executed in financial year 2024-25. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company board at its meeting held on October 15, had approved the issuance of upto 12,23,500 equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each of the company at an issue price of Rs 3287 per equity shares inclusive of a premium of Rs 3277 in one or more tranches for an aggregate consideration of upto Rs 402,16,44,500 on preferential basis to non-promotor entities. The board also approved the convening of an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of the company on November 13, 2024, to approve the above matter. On October 17, the company has informed that they will add another 3GW of solar module capacity (4GW total) and 12000MT of Aluminium frame manufacturing capacity before the end of FY25. The company will also establish 1.5GW of cell manufacturing by the end of the next financial year - the necessary technology tie ups for which, have been done, it added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open flat on October 25, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,460.5 , a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Sensex and Nifty remained muted throughout the session to end flat on October 24. While FMCG and IT stocks dragged down Nifty, financials names provided some support. At close, the Sensex was down 16.82 points or 0.02 percent at 80,065.16, and the Nifty was down 36.10 points or 0.15 percent at 24,399.40. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading flat, indicating a muted opening for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,460.5 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed on Friday, with investors awaiting Japan’s general election over the weekend. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix -0.91 -6.28 3.63 Nikkei -0.74 -5.29 6.13 Hang Seng 0.47 -2.22 22.62 Taiwan 0.63 4.03 25.44 Kospi 0.51 -4.43 -7.67 US Equities (Mixed) Global shares edged higher in choppy trading on Thursday, snapping three straight sessions of losses, while U.S. Treasury yields and strong corporate results allayed worries over upcoming U.S. elections and interest rate cuts. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.33% to 42,374.36, the S&amp;amp;P 500 rose 0.21% to 5,809.86 and the Nasdaq Composite advanced 0.76% to 18,415.49. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones - 0.33 0.43 13.60 S&amp;amp;P500 0.21 1.15 23.07 Nasdaq 0.76 1.58 23.96 US Bond Yield (Down) US 10-Year Treasury was down 47 bps at 4.19 percent, while US 2-Year Treasury shed 42 bps at 4.06 percent in the early trade on Friday. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.19 3.78 4.95 US 2-Year Treasury 4.06 3.55 5.12 Dollar Index (Flat) the dollar retreated from its recent highs as it tracked U.S. Treasury yields lower, though it remained on course for yet another weekly gain. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.09 100.91 106.52 Asian currencies (Up) Asian currencies were mostly trading mostly higher in the early trade on Friday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.276 -2.54 3.66 South Korean Won 0.027 -3.14 -0.420 Japanese Yen -0.046 -4.71 2.46 Philippines Peso 0.246 -3.35 -0.64 Thai Baht 0.047 -2.60 10.02 Taiwan Dollar 0.075 -0.643 1.65 China Renminbi 0.176 -1.20 1.80 Malaysian Ringgit -0.037 -5.06 9.79 Singapore Dollar -0.045 -2.18 3.05 Crude (Up) Oil gained after a two-day fall, with traders keeping their focus on geopolitical developments in the Middle East and the supply outlook. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.47 3.51 -1.52 Brent Crude 0.43 4.17 -2.90 Gold (Flat) Gold headed for a third weekly gain, buoyed by haven demand on the looming US election and hostilities in the Middle East. The precious metal was steady on Friday, and is up around 0.5% this week. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold -0.06 3.77 32.56 Silver 0.25 8.33 41.90 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities were trading mixed in the early trade on Friday with Aluminium shed more than 0.5 percent, while Lead rose 0.5 percent and Zinc added 1 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -0.73 1.47 11.16 Copper -0.15 -3.28 11.08 Nickel -0.08 -6.96 -1.86 Lead 0.56 -1.03 0.29 Zinc 0.97 2.76 19.43 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) continued their selling on October 24 as they sold equities worth Rs 5,062crore, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 3620 crore on the same day. 24th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -5,062.45 -81,782.10 -2,24,318.29 DII Net Flows 3,620.47 1,24,811.77 4,30,395.48 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: ITC, IndusInd Bank, NTPC, Oracle Financial, Shriram Properties, IXIGO, Dixon Tech, Cyient in focus on Friday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Coal India, JSW Steel, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Bank of Baroda, Bandhan Bank, Bharat Electronics, InterGlobe Aviation, Aegis Logistics, Balkrishna Industries, Cholamandalam Investment, DLF, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, IDBI Bank, Inox Wind, Jammu &amp;amp; Kashmir Bank, Krsnaa Diagnostics, Macrotech Developers, NLC India, Nuvama Wealth Management, Poonawalla Fincorp, Praj Industries, Shriram Finance, Texmaco Rail &amp;amp; Engineering, Torrent Pharmaceuticals, and UTI Asset Management Company will release quarterly earnings scorecard on October 25. Results on October 26 ICICI Bank, IDFC First Bank, Yes Bank, Godawari Power &amp;amp; Ispat, JK Cement, Meghmani Organics, REC, SBFC Finance, Titagarh Rail Systems, and Voltamp Transformers will announce their earnings for July-September quarter on October 26. Quarterly Earnings ITC Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 3.07% to Rs 5,078.3 crore Vs Rs 4,927 crore Revenue jumps 16.8% to Rs 19,327.7 crore Vs Rs 16,550 crore EBITDA increases 4.9% to Rs 6,335.2 crore Vs Rs 6,041.6 crore Margin declines 370 bps to 32.8% Vs 36.5% IndusInd Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit drops 39.2% to Rs 1,325.5 crore Vs Rs 2,181.5 crore Net interest income grows 5.3% to Rs 5,347.3 crore Vs Rs 5,076.7 crore Provisions and contingencies jumps 87% to Rs 1,820.1 crore Vs Rs 973.8 crore Provisions and contingencies spikes 73.4% to Rs 1,820.1 crore Vs Rs 1,049.8 crore (QoQ) Gross NPA rises to 2.11% Vs 2.02% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 0.64% Vs 0.60% (QoQ) Godrej Consumer Products Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 13.5% to Rs 491.3 crore Vs Rs 432.8 crore Revenue increases 1.8% to Rs 3,666.3 crore Vs Rs 3,602 crore EBITDA rises 7.9% to Rs 759.6 crore Vs Rs 704.2 crore Margin expands 120 bps to 20.7% Vs 19.5% Company announces interim dividend of Rs 5 per share Indian Energy Exchange Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 28% to Rs 106.1 crore Vs Rs 82.9 crore Revenue grows 28.3% to Rs 139.2 crore Vs Rs 108.5 crore EBITDA surges 30.5% to Rs 120.3 crore Vs Rs 92.2 crore Margin increases 140 bps to 86.4% Vs 85% Cyient Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit zooms 26.4% to Rs 186.6 crore Vs Rs 147.6 crore Revenue grows 10.3% to Rs 1,849.1 crore Vs Rs 1,675.7 crore EBIT jumps 15.8% to Rs 230.7 crore Vs Rs 199.2 crore Margin expands 60 bps to 12.5% Vs 11.9% Company declares interim dividend of Rs 12 per share for FY25 Cyient acquires Abu Dhabi &amp;amp; Gulf Computer Est, and 27.3% stake in Azimuth AI, a fabless custom ASIC company NTPC Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 19.66% to Rs 4,649 crore Vs Rs 3,885 crore Revenue declines 1.3% to Rs 40,327.6 crore Vs Rs 40,875.3 crore EBITDA falls 8.2% to Rs 9,676.3 crore Vs Rs 10,537.5 cror Margin drops 180 bps to 24% Vs 25.8% United Breweries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 23.5% to Rs 132.33 crore Vs Rs 107.2 crore Revenue increases 12% to Rs 2,116.72 crore Vs Rs 1,890 crore JSW Energy Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 2.3% to Rs 876.8 crore Vs Rs 856.8 crore Revenue declines 0.7% to Rs 3,237.7 crore Vs Rs 3,259.4 crore PNB Housing Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 22.6% to Rs 470 crore Vs Rs 383 crore Net interest income rises 1.2% to Rs 669 crore Vs Rs 661 crore Mahanagar Gas Q2 (Standalone QoQ) Profit slips 0.6% to Rs 282.8 crore Vs Rs 284.5 crore Revenue increases 7.7% to Rs 1,711.6 crore Vs Rs 1,589.6 crore Dixon Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 263.2% to Rs 411.7 crore Vs Rs 113.4 crore Revenue spikes 133.3% to Rs 11,534 crore Vs Rs 4,943.2 crore Exceptional gain at Rs 209.6 crore Vs Nil Chalet Hotels Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 138.5 crore Vs profit at Rs 36.4 crore Revenue grows 20% to Rs 377 crore Vs Rs 314.5 crore Tax expenses at Rs 217.93 crore Vs Rs 8 crore CIE Automotive India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 4.3% to Rs 194.7 crore Vs Rs 186.7 crore Revenue falls 6.4% to Rs 2,134.6 crore Vs Rs 2,279.4 crore Petronet LNG Q2 (Standalone QoQ) Profit plunges 26% to Rs 847.6 crore Vs Rs 1,141.6 crore Revenue declines 3% to Rs 13,021.8 crore Vs Rs 13,415.1 crore Nippon Life India Asset Management Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 47.3% to Rs 360.1 crore Vs Rs 244.4 crore Revenue spikes 43.7% to Rs 571.3 crore Vs Rs 397.5 crore Le Travenues Technology (IXIGO) Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit tanks 51% to Rs 13.1 crore Vs Rs 26.7 crore Revenue grows 26% to Rs 206.5 crore Vs Rs 163.9 crore Tax expenses at Rs 5.26 crore Vs tax writeback of Rs 0.43 crore Exceptional gain at Rs 0.83 crore Vs 29.7 crore DCB Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 22% to Rs 155 crore Vs Rs 127 crore Net interest income rises 7% to Rs 509 crore Vs Rs 476 crore Gross NPA falls to 3.29% Vs 3.33% (QoQ) Net NPA drops to 1.17% Vs 1.18% (QoQ) Patanjali Foods Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 21.4% to Rs 309 crore Vs Rs 254.5 crore Revenue grows 4.25 to Rs 8,154.2 crore Vs Rs 7,821.9 crore Oracle Financial Services Software Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 38.4% to Rs 577.7 crore Vs Rs 417.4 crore Revenue soars 15.9% to Rs 1,673.9 crore Vs Rs 1,444.5 crore Stocks To Watch Axis Bank The Reserve Bank of India has given its approval for the re-appointment of Amitabh Chaudhry as the Managing Director &amp;amp; CEO of Axis Bank for a further three years, effective January 1, 2025. Ujjivan Small Finance Bank The Board has appointed S. Balakrishna Kamath as the Chief inancial Officer of the bank. Kamath will take charge on or before January 3, 2025. Jubilant Pharmova Jubilant Pharma's subsidiary, Jubilant Pharma Holdings Inc., USA, has voluntarily prepaid a $25 million term loan, equivalent to Rs 210 crore, from its internal accruals on October 23. Jubilant Pharma is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jubilant Pharmova. Kansai Nerolac Paints The company has entered into definitive agreements for the conveyance or assignment of lease with Aethon Developers (a subsidiary of Runwal Developers) for the sale of its land parcel at Lower Parel, Mumbai, together with the building thereon, for Rs 726 crore. Shriram Properties Enforcement Directorate officials conducted search activities at the company's office premises in Bengaluru and Chennai. The search process has been completed without any material developments. The company has provided necessary clarifications or details sought by the officials to their satisfaction by extending full cooperation. Bulk Deals Freshara Agro Exports Tropical Agro System India acquired a 0.84 percent stake, and HDFC Bank bought a 1.27 percent stake in Freshara Agro at an average price of Rs 135 per share. Rane Engine Valves Unique Asset Management LLP sold a 0.7 percent stake in the company at an average price of Rs 490.02 per share. Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing Singularity Equity Fund I bought a 1.24 percent stake in the company at an average price of Rs 630.25 per share. However, HI-Tech Housing Projects sold a 0.98 percent stake at the same price. Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend LTIMindtree, L&amp;amp;T Technology Services, Allcargo Logistics, Dalmia Bharat, DB Corp Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Rights Hindware Home Innovation, PMC Fincorp Stock Trades Ex-Date for Buyback Matrimony.com Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Ex-Split Mayukh Dealtrade, POCL Enterprises, Sukhjit Starch &amp;amp; Chemicals F&amp;amp;O Ban Escorts Kubota, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, NMDC, Piramal Enterprises, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Paytm, LTIMindtree, Bank of Baroda, Radico Khaitan, Syngene, ICICI Prudential and others on Friday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices closed a rangebound session on a negative note, continuing the downtrend for the fourth straight day, with an overall weak market breadth. About 1,607 shares declined, while 892 shares advanced on the NSE. The market is expected to remain consolidative with a negative bias. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Amol Athawale, VP-technical Research at Kotak Securities Union Bank of India | CMP: Rs 110.3 On a daily time frame, Union Bank of India has been in a downtrend. It is currently in oversold territory and is available near its demand area. The texture of the chart formation and the technical indicator RSI (Relative Strength Index) indicate that the stock is likely to rebound for a new leg of upward movement from its demand zone. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 120 Stop-Loss: Rs 105 Mahindra and Mahindra | CMP: Rs 2,826.4 After the recent selloff from higher levels, the downward momentum in M&amp;amp;M has stopped. On the weekly charts, M&amp;amp;M has found support and reversed its trend from an important retracement zone. The chart formation and technical indicator RSI suggest further bullish movement from current levels in the coming horizon. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,030 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,730 LTIMindtree | CMP: Rs 5,970.4 Following a sharp uptrend rally, LTIMindtree experienced some selling pressure, but its downward momentum has paused, and it has found support. On the monthly charts, the stock has formed a Cup and Handle pattern, and a fresh breakout from the resistance zone is likely to occur in the coming trading sessions. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,360 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,730 Mandar Bhojane, Equity Research Analyst at Choice Broking Syngene International | CMP: Rs 880 Syngene International has recently broken out of a falling trendline on the daily chart, supported by a significant uptick in trading volume, signaling a potential bullish trend. If the stock sustains above the Rs 880 level, it could target short-term levels of Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,050. On the downside, immediate support is found at Rs 850, offering buying opportunities on dips. The RSI is currently at 51.7 and moving upward, reflecting increasing buying momentum. For prudent risk management, a stop-loss at Rs 830 is recommended to protect against unexpected reversals. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,000, Rs 1,050 Stop-Loss: Rs 830 CRISIL | CMP: Rs 5,084 CRISIL has formed a rounding bottom pattern on the daily chart, accompanied by a significant increase in trading volume, suggesting strong bullish momentum. A close above the Rs 5,100 level could pave the way for short-term targets of Rs 6,100 and Rs 6,400. On the downside, immediate support lies at Rs 4,800, offering potential buying opportunities on dips. The RSI currently stands at 68.2 and is trending upward, reflecting growing buying momentum. To mitigate risk, a stop-loss at Rs 4,650 is advised to safeguard against potential market reversals. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,100, Rs 6,400 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,650 Bank of Baroda | CMP: Rs 244.77 Bank of Baroda is on the verge of breaking out from a descending triangle pattern on the daily chart, backed by a notable rise in trading volume. This breakout signals a potential bullish reversal. If the stock manages to close above the Rs 250 level, it could aim for short-term targets of Rs 290 and Rs 300. On the downside, immediate support is seen at Rs 235, providing potential buying opportunities on dips. The RSI is at 51.18 and trending upward, indicating growing buying momentum. For effective risk management, a stop-loss at Rs 230 is recommended to guard against unforeseen market reversals. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 290, Rs 300 Stop-Loss: Rs 230 Virat Jagad, Technical Research Analyst at Bonanza One 97 Communications | CMP: Rs 764.5 One 97 Communications (Paytm) has recently broken out from a Flag and Pole pattern on the daily chart, a strong bullish indicator suggesting a potential for a sustained uptrend. The breakout is supported by a surge in trading volume, reflecting increased buying interest and reinforcing the stock's positive outlook. Additionally, the stock is trading above key EMAs (Exponential Moving Averages), aligning with the ongoing bullish trend. A positive MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) crossover further confirms this upward momentum. Overall, these technical signals point to a bullish scenario, with potential for further price appreciation in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 870 Stop-Loss: Rs 712 Hindustan Zinc | CMP: Rs 539.5 The daily chart of Hindustan Zinc shows a confirmed breakout from an ascending triangle pattern, a strong bullish signal. This breakout is supported by a significant rise in trading volume, indicating strong buying interest and positive market sentiment. The stock is trading near its recent highs, with both the Fast and Slow EMAs trending upward, reinforcing the bullish outlook. Additionally, the RSI has broken out in a bullish direction, highlighting the strength of the ongoing uptrend. These technical indicators collectively suggest a strong bullish outlook, with potential for continued price gains in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 590 Stop-Loss: Rs 515 Radico Khaitan | CMP: Rs 2,296 Radico Khaitan has recently broken out from a Cup and Handle pattern on the daily chart, signaling a potential uptrend. This bullish formation suggests the likelihood of further price appreciation. A significant surge in volume during the last session highlights increased buying interest, reinforcing the positive outlook. The stock is also trading above key EMAs, confirming sustained upward momentum. Additionally, the RSI has broken out in a bullish direction, underscoring the strength of the ongoing uptrend. Together, these technical signals suggest a strong bullish outlook for Radico Khaitan. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,550 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,160 Rohan Shah, Technical Analyst at Asit C Mehta Investment Interrmediates ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 768 ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has been in a strong uptrend for over a year, forming a series of higher highs and lows with supportive volumes. In this process, the stock recorded a breakout from its previous swing high, signaling inherent strength in the trend. However, after hitting a high of Rs 795, the stock retraced lower to test its previous swing high and the 20-week EMA. It rebounded strongly from this support zone, forming a bullish candlestick pattern. On the momentum front, the RSI is trading in the bullish zone, complementing the positive price bias. Strategy : Buy Target: Rs 830 Stop-Loss: Rs 745 HCL Technologies | CMP: Rs 1,845 The IT sector has shown higher relative strength compared to other sectors and the benchmark index. Within this space, HCL Technologies offers a fresh buying opportunity with a favourable risk-reward profile. The stock has been gradually inching higher after breaking out from a Cup and Handle pattern. The price increase is accompanied by supportive volumes and momentum, indicating inherent strength. The gradual upmove has led to a breakout above the 127.2 percent external retracement ratio of its prior decline from Rs 1,697 to Rs 1,235. Based on the price action and relative strength, we expect the stock to head towards the 161.8 percent external retracement level, which aligns around Rs 1,985. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,765 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals | CMP: Rs 395.6 After a steady upmove over the last few months, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals is now showing signs of profit-taking as a bearish price pattern emerges. Technically, the stock has registered a breakdown from a Head and Shoulders pattern along with short-term moving averages, indicating weakness in the trend. Given this pattern, the stock has the potential to decline toward Rs 375-360 levels in the coming sessions. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 360 Stop-Loss: Rs 415. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk deals: HDFC Bank buys 4.6% stake in Freshara Agro Exports [/INST] The full article is as follows: Tropical Agro Systems India Pvt Limited bought 1.98 lakh shares in Freshara Agro Exports for an average price of Rs 135 per share. Additionally, HDFC Bank Ltd acquired 3 lakh shares of Freshara Agro Exports at the same price of Rs 135 per share. The stock provided a return of 16.12 percent in a period of one month. Realty stock Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing Ltd saw 84,500 of its shares being sold by HI-Tech Housing Projects Private Limited at an average price of Rs 630.25 per share. Meanwhile, Singularity Equity Fund I purchased 1,06,928 shares of Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing Ltd at the same price of Rs 630.25 per share. The shares of Arihant Foundations &amp;amp; Housing also made a 52-week high of Rs 630.25 per share today. The stock has given a return of 29.07 percent in the previous one month. Auto components industry company Rane Engine Valve Limited shares witnessed selling by Unique Asset Management LLP of 51,113 shares at an average price of Rs 490.02 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2610: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on TVS Motor Company TVS Motor (TVSL) posted an in-line result, with margin at 11.7% (est. 11.1%) despite an adverse mix. On the back of better monsoons and higher reservoir levels, domestic 2W rural demand has been ahead of urban demand in 1HFY25, which is anticipated to sustain in FY25. However, the export outlook continues to be uncertain due to weak demand in Africa. Management expects the 2W industry to post 7-8% YoY growth in 3QFY25, which is lower than earlier envisaged. At ~48x/38x FY25E/FY26E EPS, we believe most of the positives are in the price. We maintain our FY25E/26E EPS estimates. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of ~INR2,610 (based on ~32x Sep’26E EPS and INR210/sh for the NBFC). Outlook Given these factors, we believe TVSL at 48x/38x FY25E/FY26E EPS appears fairly valued. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of ~INR2,610 (premised on ~32x Sep’26E EPS + INR210/share for NBFC). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral SRF; target of Rs 2080: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on SRF SRF posted weak performance in 2QFY25, with a material decline in operating profitability (EBIT down 22% YoY), due to the continuous weakness in the Chemicals business (EBIT dipped 29% YoY). The Technical Textiles business also witnessed subdued performance (EBIT down 5% YoY), which was offset by a relatively healthier performance in the Packaging Film business (EBIT grew 7% YoY). The overall macro scenario remains uncertain for the Chemicals business (74% EBIT mix in FY24); however, the management is expecting some recovery in 3Q which is likely to further accelerate in 4QFY25, led by a healthy order book in specialty chemicals and ramp-up of export/domestic volumes in the Fluorochemicals business. Factoring in the weak macro scenario and uncertain near-term outlook in the Chemicals business, we cut our FY25/FY26 EBITDA estimates by 13%/7%. We value the stock on an SoTP basis to arrive at our TP of INR2,080. Reiterate Neutral. Outlook Factoring in the weak macro scenario and uncertain near-term outlook in the chemicals business, we cut our FY25/FY26 EBITDA estimates by 13%/7%. We value the stock on an SoTP-basis to arrive at our TP of INR2,080. Reiterate Neutral. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral SONA BLW Precision Forging; target of Rs 685: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on SONA BLW Precision Forging SONA BLW’s (SONACOMS) 2QFY25 performance exceeded our estimates with revenue of INR9.3b (est. INR8.8b), driven by order book execution and BEV growth. Higher other income also led to adj. PAT beat. We commend the company’s ability to consistently deliver healthy performance despite weakness in its key regions. It has agreed to acquire Escorts Kubota’s railway equipment division for INR16b (estimated valuation at 8.2x trailing 12M EV/EBITDA). The management has indicated that the acquisition will be EPS-accretive from the first year. While they seem to have acquired a good business at attractive valuations, we fail to understand the synergy benefits of the same with the core. We have not yet included this acquisition in our estimates as we wait for further clarity on financials and the deal closure. Outlook Despite the volatile geopolitical scenario impacting different key geographies globally, SONACOMS reported PAT growth of 20% YoY in 2QFY25, driven by healthy order execution and its focus on the growing EV segment. However, valuations at ~60x/48x FY25E/FY26E consol. EPS largely factor in these positives. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR685 (based on ~46x Sep’26E consol. EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Shoppers Stop; target of Rs 750: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Shoppers Stop Shoppers Stop (SHOP) reported an 8% YoY decline in EBITDA (12% miss) due to weak SSSG and GM contraction. Revenue was up 4% YoY as store additions and the robust 11% YoY growth in the Beauty segment was offset by an overall SSSG decline and a 15% YoY decline in private brands revenue. The management indicated that LFL growth recovered in Sep (+9% YoY) and remains optimistic on demand recovery in 2HFY25 on account of the higher number of weddings and recovery in discretionary spends. SHOP has aggressive store expansion plans for Intune (value fashion) and is focused on growing its Beauty business. We expect a CAGR of 11%/14% in SHOP’s revenue/EBITDA over FY24-27. We lower our FY25-26 revenue by 2%/7% and EBITDA by 5%/11% on weaker performance in 1HFY25. We value SHOP at 12x Dec’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our TP of INR750. Reiterate Neutral. Outlook We value SHOP at 12x Dec’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our TP of INR750. Reiterate Neutral. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Piramal Enterprises; target of Rs 1015: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Piramal Enterprises Piramal Enterprises (PIEL) reported a 2QFY25 net profit of ~INR1.6b (PQ: ~INR1.8b). This included an exceptional gain of ~INR770m from recoveries in the AIF portfolio. NII rose ~17% YoY and 9% QoQ to ~INR8.8b. PPOP at ~INR4b grew ~58% YoY. In 1HFY25, PAT declined 38% YoY to INR3.4b. Total AUM grew 12% YoY and 6% QoQ. Wholesale 2.0 AUM grew 12% QoQ to INR78.9b while Wholesale 1.0 AUM declined ~49% YoY/7% QoQ to INR121b. Retail AUM grew ~42% YoY to INR547b, with its share in the loan book increasing to ~73% (PQ: 72%). Outlook We expect PIEL to deliver ~1.3% RoA and ~5% RoE in FY26E. We value the lending business at 0.6x Sep’26E P/BV and reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock with a revised TP of INR1,015 (premised on Sep’26E SOTP). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Navin Fluorine International; target of Rs 3240: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Navin Fluorine International Navin Fluorine International (NFIL)’s EBITDA/ PAT in 2QFY25 came in at 6%/12% higher than our estimates due to the strong YoY performance in HPP and CDMO segments. Gross margin stood at 56.8%, while EBITDA margin contracted 10bp YoY to 20.7%. Earnings declined 3% YoY to INR588m in 2QFY25. The HPP business grew 22% YoY, led by the HFO and R32 plants running at optimum levels, an increase in R32 sales, and an improved realization of R22 gas. Capex of the new R32 plant and AHF capacity is on track and scheduled to be commissioned in line with the earlier guided timelines. Offtake from the new R32 capacity is definitive, according to the management. Outlook We expect a revenue/EBITDA/adj. PAT CAGR of 21%/28%/31% over FY24-27. The stock is trading at ~40x FY26E EPS of INR82.1 and ~26x FY26E EV/EBITDA. We value the company at 35x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at our TP of INR3,240. We maintain our Neutral rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral MAX Financial Services; target of Rs 1300: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on MAX Financial Services MAX Financial Services (MAXLIFE) reported a steady performance in 2QFY25. New business APE grew 31.3% YoY to INR21.7b (in-line), while for 1HFY25, it grew 31% YoY to INR36.2b. MAX reported a VNB growth of 23.1% YoY to INR5.1b (in-line) and for 1HFY25, it grew 16% YoY to INR7.7b, due to strong growth in rider attachment. VNB margins expanded sequentially to 23.6% in 2QFY25 from 17.5% in 1QFY25 (~600bp jump) due to operating leverage and strong growth in volumes and rider attachment. The management guides to maintain a double-digit VNB growth and margin in the range of 23-24% for FY25. Outlook we have cut our VNB margin assumptions given the adverse product mix trends (higher share of ULIPs). Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR 1,300, premised on 2.3x Sept’26E EV and a holding company discount of 20%. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Indus Towers; target of Rs 385: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Indus Towers Indus’ 2QFY25 reported financials came in ahead of our estimate owing to a higher-than-estimated reversal of prior period bad debt provisions (INR10.8b vs. our estimate of INR5b). However, its core operational performance was slightly below with Indus’ recurring EBITDA at INR37.9b (+1% QoQ, +7% YoY), coming in ~2% below our estimate on lower tower net additions and weaker energy spreads. Tower additions further moderated QoQ to 3.7k (vs. our est. 5.5k) on adverse weather events, which also led to moderation in capex (-19% QoQ). With moderation in capex and collection of prior dues, Indus’ 1H FCF was robust at ~INR33b (of which INR27.5b was used for recent buyback). Outlook We value Indus on a DCF-based TP of INR385 (implies 7.5x FY27E EBITDA). We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 960: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Can Fin Homes Can Fin Homes (CANF)’s 2QFY25 PAT grew ~34% YoY to ~INR2.1b (in line). Base quarter had one-off credit costs because of the Ambala incident. NII grew 7% YoY to ~INR3.4b (in line), and other income stood at ~INR74m (PQ: INR70m). PAT grew ~20% YoY in 1HFY25, and we expect PAT to grow ~11% YoY in 2HFY25. Opex was up ~13% YoY to INR594m. The cost-income ratio stood at ~17%. (PQ: 15%, PY: 16%). 2QFY25 RoA/RoE stood at ~2.3%/~18%.Management guided a loan growth of ~13-14% in FY25 and 15-17% in FY26 and it is confident of achieving disbursements of ~INR100b in FY25. CANF is targeting ~15 new branches this year, which will be in northern and western India. It will be looking to deepen its presence in Tier 2 towns. Outlook CANF has successfully demonstrated its ability to maintain its pristine asset quality for several years, and we expect the same to continue. However, CANF will have to accelerate its disbursements over the next few quarters to deliver on its guided loan growth. We estimate a CAGR of 12%/12%/14% in NII/PPOP/ PAT over FY24-27, with an RoA of 2.1% and RoE of ~17% in FY27. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR960 (premised on 2.0x Sep’26E P/BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 7320: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Bajaj Finance Bajaj Finance (BAF)’s reported PAT in 2QFY25 grew 13% YoY to ~INR40.1b (in line). NII grew 23% YoY to ~INR88.4b (in line). Non-interest income stood at ~INR21.1b (+3% QoQ). Fee income was lower QoQ due to the transfer of the collections activity to RBL Bank (in its co-branded credit cards). 1HFY25 PAT grew 13% YoY to ~INR79.3b and we estimate 2HFY25 PAT to grew 15% YoY. BAF’s 2QFY25 NIM contracted ~5bp QoQ to ~9.7%. The company expects that the ~25bp reduction in repo rates will lead to a ~10-12bp expansion in the NIM. However, the company plans to leverage the NIM expansion to support the growth of some of its newer lines of business launched over the past two years. We estimate NIM at 9.8%/9.9% in FY25/FY26. Outlook Despite a healthy PAT CAGR of ~24% over FY24-FY27E and RoA/RoE of 4.1%/21% in FY27E, we see limited upside catalysts. Consequently, we maintain our Neutral rating on the stock with a TP of INR7,320 (premised on 3.5x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SBI Life Insurance; target of Rs 2100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on SBI Life Insurance SBI Life Insurance (SBILIFE) reported a weak performance in 2QFY25. APE grew 3% YoY to INR53.9b (11% miss). For 1HFY25, it grew 9% YoY to INR90.3b. Absolute VNB declined 3% YoY to INR14.5b (14% miss). For 1HFY25, it grew 3% YoY to INR24.2b. The management expects VNB growth to remain in the range 12-15% in FY25. VNB margins came in at 26.9% vs. 28.5% in 2QFY24 and 26.8% in 1QFY25 (est. 28%). However, the management expects margins to remain in the range of 26-27% in FY25 on the back of new product launches in the protection segment and a minimal impact of surrender charges. In 2QFY25, shareholder PAT grew 39% YoY to INR5.3b (in line). For 1HFY25, it grew 38% YoY to INR10.5b. We expect SBILIFE to deliver an 18% CAGR each in APE and VNB over FY24-27E, while RoEV is likely to remain at ~20% over FY27. Due to strong growth in ULIPs and a blip in protection sales, we have cut our APE/VNB estimates for FY25. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR2,100 (premised on 2.3x Sept’26E EV). Outlook We expect SBILIFE to deliver an 18% CAGR each in APE/VNB over FY24-27E, while RoEV is projected to remain ~20% over FY27. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR2,100 (premised on 2.3x Sept’26E EV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Prudential Life Insurance; target of Rs 900: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance IPRU Life reported NBP of INR49.3b in 2QFY25, up 13.1% YoY. For 1HFY25, NBP grew 17.4% YoY to INR86.98b. New business APE grew 21.4% YoY to INR25b (in line) in 2Q. For 1HFY25, it rose to INR44.7b (+27% YoY). VNB grew 1.6% YoY to INR5.9b (9% miss). VNB margins declined 460bp YoY to 23.4% in 2QFY25 vs. our estimate of 25%. For 2Q, IPRU reported 3.1% YoY growth in shareholder PAT to INR2.5b (7% miss). For 1HFY25, it stood at INR4.8, up 6% YoY. Outlook We expect IPRU to deliver a 20% CAGR in VNB over FY24-27E. Going ahead, the company’s ability to sustain strong premium growth and VNB margins will be vital for re-rating of the stock. Retain BUY with a TP of INR900 (based on 2x Sept’26E EV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Hindustan Unilever; target of Rs 3200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Hindustan Unilever Hindustan Unilever’s (HUVR) 2QFY25 revenue was up 2% at INR157.3b (in line), with underlying growth of 3%. Volume growth of 3% was below our estimate of 5% (4% in 1QFY25). Demand trends remained stable, with moderate growth in urban areas and a stable recovery in rural regions. Home Care maintained high-single-digit volume growth and 8% revenue growth, led by both Fabric Wash and Household Care. Beauty &amp;amp; Wellbeing segment clocked mid-single digit volume growth, with underlying growth of 7% (reported 2%). Hair Care portfolio reported high single-digit volume growth and premium portfolio clocked strong double-digit growth. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR3,200, based on 60x Sep’26E EPS, close to last five-year average P/E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Godrej Properties; target of Rs 3725: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Godrej Properties Godrej Properties (GPL) achieved its best ever second-quarter bookings of INR52b, guided by strong demand momentum (up 3% YoY). New launches/existing projects accounted for 53%/47% of total sales. GPL launched INR61b worth of projects across 5.6msf of saleable area, of which 45% of inventory was sold during the quarter and contributed 53% to pre-sales value. Sales volume was flat at 5.2msf, while realizations moved up 5% YoY at INR10,093/sft due to a better product mix. MMR reported over 4.5x jump in sales and contributed 42% to total volumes, while NCR/Bangalore contributed 23%/14% respectively. Outlook We believe GPL will continue to surprise on growth, cash flows, and margins, given its strong pipeline and healthy realizations, which have been the key investor concerns. We maintain our BUY rating with an TP of INR3,725, implying 26% potential upside. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Coforge; target of Rs 10000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Coforge COFORGE reported 2QFY25 organic revenue growth of 6.3% QoQ in USD terms, above our estimate of 4.3%. It reported an organic CC QoQ growth of 5.5% (consol. CC QoQ growth of 26.3%). Consol. revenue stood at USD369.4m (up 26.8% QoQ/32.8% YoY). Organic order intake of USD448m in 2Q with three large deals, resulting in a robust organic 12-month executable order book of USD1,105m (+18% YoY). Organic EBIT margin, adjusted for transaction-related costs of INR201m, came in at 12.2% (est. 12.5%). Organic adj. PAT stood at INR1.8b (+39.5% QoQ/2.7% YoY) due to lower SG&amp;amp;A costs and higher other income. The company’s revenue grew 10.4% in 1HFY25, while EBIT/PAT declined 0.7%/12.4% vs. 1HFY24 in organic terms. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow organically by 19.0%/20.6%/17.0% YoY in 2HFY25. We reiterate our BUY rating on COFORGE with a TP of INR10,000, implying a 32% potential upside. Outlook We value COFORGE organically at 40x Sep’26E EPS (vs. 38x earlier) and value the Cigniti business at 25x Sep’26E EPS. This SOTP-based approach yields a rounded TP of INR10,000 (INR8,700 for COFORGE and INR1,300 for Cigniti). We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR10,000, implying a 32% potential upside. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy AU Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 830: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on AU Small Finance Bank AU Small Finance Bank (AUBANK) reported a 2QFY25 PAT of INR5.71b (16% beat) fueled by healthy other income and controlled opex, which offset higher provisions. NII grew 2.8% QoQ to INR19.7b (in line). NIM improved 5bp QoQ to 6.1%. PPoP stood at INR11.3b (13% beat) as opex came in 6% lower than our estimate and other income stood at INR6.4b (5% beat). C/I ratio thus declined sharply to 56.7% vs. 60.8% in 1QFY25. Business growth was healthy, with advances growing at 5.8% QoQ to INR948.4b while deposits grew at a robust 12.7% QoQ to INR1.09t. As a result, the overall CD ratio eased sharply to 86.5% (92.1% in 1QFY25). Outlook We tweak our estimates and estimate the bank to deliver an RoA/RoE of 1.7%/16.2% by FY26. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR830 (based on 3.2x FY26E BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Amber Enterprises; target of Rs 7350: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Amber Enterprises Amber Enterprises (Amber) reported better-than-expected results driven by strong performance of the consumer durables and electronics segments. The company’s revenue/EBITDA jumped 82%/91% YoY for 2QFY25. Strong growth in the overall AC industry, addition of new clients, and strategic focus to grow the electronics segment aided performance during the quarter. We expect Amber to benefit from faster growth in the electronics segment driven by new client additions, JV with Korea Circuit, as well as its capacity expansion across Ascent Circuit. We raise our earnings estimates by 14%/19%/22% for FY25/FY26/FY27. We also increase our TP to INR7,350 due to earning revision as well as higher valuations led by faster growth expected in electronics and the possibility of this division widening focus towards a bigger EMS market. Reiterate BUY. Outlook The stock currently trades at 56.7x/37.2x P/E on FY26/27E earnings. We raise our estimates and reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a DCF-based TP of INR7,350, implying 46x P/E on a two-year forward EPS (Dec’26). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: ICICI Bank Q2 preview: Strong deposit, loan growth to drive NII, profit; margin may see minor dip [/INST] The full article is as follows: India's second-largest private lender ICICI Bank is expected to clock decent July-September quarter (Q2FY25) results, backed by healthy loan and deposit growth. No major stress is likely to be seen in asset quality and margin contraction is expected to be limited, said analysts. The lender will release its Q2 scorecard on October 26. According to Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerage estimates, ICICI Bank's net interest income (NII) is pegged to grow 14 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 20,845 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 18,308 crore in Q2FY24. Profit, too, is estimated to rise by 7 percent YoY to Rs 10,667 crore in Q2FY25, as compared to Rs 10,261 crore in the year-ago period. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy loan, deposit growth: Analysts on a consensus estimate ICICI Bank's deposit growth to remain in-line with credit growth. For instance, Motilal Oswal analysts modeled the lender's deposit to grow 14.6 percent YoY to Rs 14.8 lakh crore in Q2FY25. Similarly, loan is expected to increase by 14.6 percent YoY to Rs 12.7 lakh crore during the quarter under review. Limited margin moderation: Brokerages have pegged that the private lender's margins are likely to moderate annually slightly with a negative bias. However, it is expected to remain unchanged on a sequential basis. In Q2FY25, NIMs are expected at 4.4 percent from 4.5 percent in Q2FY24. Stable asset quality: ICICI Bank's gross non-performing asset (GNPA) is expected to reduce to 2.3 percent in Q2FY25 from 2.5 percent in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net NPA is likely to see a slight uptick to 0.5 percent in Q2FY25 from 0.4 percent in Q2FY24. What to look out for in the quarterly show? The management commentary on the sustainability of margins, recovery of assets, and comments on the growth of unsecured loan books will be keenly watched. Over the July-September period, shares of ICICI Bank have surged 6 percent, significantly beating benchmark Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank down 15% on higher provisions after one-time profit hit unsettles Street [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IndusInd Bank are sharply down by 15% on disappointing earnings, after the lender reported a 39 percent year-on-year (YoY) decline in net profit for the second quarter, surprising the market as higher provisions for bad loans, shrinking margins, and stress in the micro-finance (MFI) segment weighed on performance. This the worst fall in the share price of IndusInd Bank in nearly five months. Bloomberg News on October 25 has also reported a block trade in the lender where 2.38 million shares exchanged hands. During the earnings call, management acknowledged the mounting stress in MFI loans, particularly in tier-2 and tier-3 cities, but expressed cautious optimism about recovery in the quarters ahead. &quot;MFI stress has been emerging in certain regions, notably in Bihar, Maharashtra, Odisha, and other areas,&quot; said Sumant Kathpalia, Managing Director and CEO of IndusInd Bank. &quot;However, we expect a turnaround soon. Once disbursements resume and the funding process restarts, growth will pick up again.&quot; Micro-finance loans account for 9 percent of the bank's loan book, but asset quality within the segment deteriorated significantly. Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) in the MFI segment surged to 6.5 percent in Q2FY25, up from 5.16 percent in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, the bank’s overall gross NPA ratio rose to 2.76 percent from 2.49 percent in Q1FY25, indicating broad-based stress across its portfolio. ALSO READ: IndusInd Bank Q2 net profit falls 40% on-year to Rs 1,331 crore, hit by provisions, finance costs; misses expectations In response to the challenging environment, IndusInd Bank increased its contingent provisions by Rs 525 crore in Q2FY25 to buffer against potential risks. Contingent provisions allow banks to set aside funds to cover unforeseen bad loans, a strategy that became common during the COVID-19 pandemic. Out of this Rs 525 crore, Rs 250 crore was earmarked specifically for the MFI segment, providing the bank flexibility to manage future risks in the business. When asked about the sharp provisioning in a difficult quarter, Kathpalia clarified that it was a one-time measure aimed at securing long-term stability. &quot;The decision to increase provisions reflects our intent to fortify the balance sheet. Though this quarter’s performance was disappointing, this step ensures smoother profitability in the upcoming quarters,&quot; he said. &quot;We aim to deliver stronger results in Q3 and Q4, building on the steps we’ve taken now.&quot; While the bank faces persistent stress in the micro-finance segment, management remains hopeful that disbursements will normalise soon, driving recovery. However, challenges in asset quality and profitability could continue to pose risks in the near term.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 13000: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on UltraTech Cement UltraTech Cement (UTCEM)’s 2QFY25 EBITDA was below our estimate due to higher-than-estimated opex/t. EBITDA declined ~21% YoY to INR20.2b (7% miss). EBITDA/t declined ~24% YoY to INR725 (est. INR775). OPM contracted 3.0pp YoY to ~13% (est. ~14%). Adj. PAT declined ~36% YoY to INR8.2b (est. INR9.3b). Management highlighted that the pre-election slowdown, followed by intense monsoon, led to demand weakness in 1HFY25. Pent-up demand and good monsoon should lead to demand recovery going forward. It expects double-digit volume growth in 2H and anticipates outperforming the industry’s volume growth. Further, cement prices were up ~2% vs. Aug’24- exit and have remained steady (MTD). It has added 9mtpa grinding capacity in 1HFY25 and will commission another ~8mtpa in 2H. Outlook We estimate a CAGR of 16%/18% in consolidated EBITDA/adjusted PAT over FY24-FY27. UTCEM is estimated to continue to gain market share with its robust capacity expansion (including inorganic growth). We value the stock at 20x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our TP of INR13,000 (earlier INR13,600). We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy MCX; target of Rs 7600: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on MCX MCX posted 73% YoY growth in operating revenue to INR2.9b (5% above our estimate) in 2QFY25. Operating revenue rose 67% YoY in 1HFY25. Revenue growth was driven by a surge in volumes, which jumped 114% YoY. Futures volumes grew 46% YoY to INR17.5t, while options volumes surged 129% YoY to INR126t during the quarter. EBIT stood at INR1.7b (vs. EBIT loss of INR353m in 2QFY24), which was 4% above our estimates. The company reported PAT of INR1.5b (vs. a loss of INR191m in 2QFY24), which grew 39% sequentially and was 7% higher than our estimate. For 1HFY25, MCX’s PAT was INR2.6b (vs. INR6m in 1HFY24). We raise our FY25/26 EPS estimates by 10%/11%, factoring in the surge in volumes witnessed in 1HFY25, offset by a rise in SGF contribution. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a one-year TP of INR7,600 (premised on 44x Sep’26E EPS). Outlook We raise our FY25/26 EPS estimate by 10%/11% factoring in the strong surge in volumes witnessed in 1HFY25. This will be offset by a slight increase in the expected SGF contribution. We reiterate our BUY rating with a one-year TP of INR7,600 (premised on 44x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy L&T Finance; target of Rs 200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on L&amp;amp;T Finance L&amp;amp;T Finance (LTF) reported 17% YoY growth in PAT to INR7b (in line) in 2QFY25. PPoP grew ~23% YoY to ~INR15.9b (in line). Credit costs stood at INR6.5b (vs. MOFSLe of INR6b), translating into annualized credit costs of ~2.6% (vs. 2.4% in 1QFY25 and 2.6% in 2QFY24). Write-offs stood at INR6.6b (INR4.8b in 1Q). Consol. RoA/RoE stood at 2.6%/11.7% in 2Q. Retail assets contributed ~96% to the loan mix (95% in 1Q). Retail loans grew ~28% YoY, led by healthy growth in 2W, home loans, LAP, and SME. LTF has started to regrow its personal loans book, up 8% QoQ. Given the sectoral stress, rural business loans (microfinance) grew 3% QoQ. Outlook We estimate a PAT CAGR of 26% over FY24-27, with consolidated RoA/RoE of 2.8%/~15% in FY27. Reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR200 (based on 1.6x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Indostar Capital Finance; target of Rs 315: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Indostar Capital Finance Indostar Capital Finance (Indostar) reported healthy business momentum in 2QFY25. Key highlights: 1) consolidated disbursements grew ~36% YoY to ~INR17.2b and retail AUM rose ~35% YoY to ~INR99b; 2) the company added 594 employees in 2QFY25, taking the total count to ~5,170; 3) the CV segment contributed ~87% to the retail disbursement mix; and 4) asset quality was broadly stable with standalone GS3 remaining steady at ~5% and standalone NNPA rising ~15bp QoQ to 2.5%. Outlook we expect credit costs to remain benign in the near future. The risk-reward is favorable at 1x FY26E P/BV. Reiterate BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR315 (premised on 1.2x Sep’26E BVPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dalmia Bharat; target of Rs 2250: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Dalmia Bharat Dalmia Bharat (DALBHARA)’s 2QFY25 performance was weak as expected as its EBITDA declined 26% YoY to INR4.3b (5% miss) and EBITDA/t was down 32% YoY to INR650 (est. INR700). OPM contracted 4.7pp YoY to 14%. PAT declined 54% YoY to INR550m (est. INR571m). Higher volume growth (+8% YoY; +3% v/s estimates) and better cost controls were key positives; though; realization decline of 6% QoQ was weaker than our estimate of ~2% decline.Management believes that muted cement demand in 1HFY25 led to lower capacity utilization and weak pricing. Demand is expected to improve in 2H, led by a pick-up in constriction activities, private capex, and government-led infrastructure projects. It expects demand to grow at 8% YoY in 2HFY25 and 6% YoY in FY25 (previous estimate of ~8%). Better demand should lead to price improvements; though competitive intensity needs to be monitored. Outlook The stock has corrected ~25% since Dec’23, factoring in delayed capacity addition plans and weak operating performance due to sharp price corrections in its core markets. The company is among the least cost producer in the industry, backed by a higher blending ratio, green power share, and lower freight cost. The stock is currently trading at 10x/9x FY26E/FY27E EV/EBITDA. We value the stock at 12x Sep’26E EV/EBITDA to arrive at our revised TP of INR2,250 (earlier INR2,390). Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 870: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM (CYIENTDL) reported a strong quarter, with revenue growth of ~33% YoY in 2QFY25, led by significant traction in the defense (up 82% YoY) and aerospace (up 20% YoY) verticals. Margins were flat YoY at 8.1%. However, the order book continued its downward trend, with 13% YoY/ 7% QoQ decline in 2Q to INR19.8b. The management indicated the trend will change in 4Q, with a healthy order pipeline and the finalization of key deals. We believe the order book will witness an uptick in 4QFY25, factoring in the conversion of orders from new client additions happened over the last few quarters. Outlook We estimate CYIENTDL to report a CAGR of 38%/51%/64% in revenue/ EBITDA/ Adj. PAT over FY24-27E. We retain our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR870 (35x FY26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Oberoi Realty; target of Rs 2056: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Oberoi Realty Oberoi Realty’s (OBER) pre-sales grew 49% YoY to INR14.4b (80% above estimate) in 2QFY25, driven by strong bookings at ‘360-West’ project in Worli, which contributed INR6.6b to pre-sales across bookings of six units. Elysian Goregaon’s pre-sales jumped 147% YoY to INR3.2b after the successful launch of the third tower in 4QFY24. Sales traction was weak at Borivali (INR1.3b), while at Mulund (INR2.7b), it was higher by 25% YoY and doubled sequentially. Forestville Thane (launched in 3Q) clocked bookings of INR0.6b across 29 units. Outlook which already accounts for prospective business development in the near term. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR2,056, indicating a 3% upside potential. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 24 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty hovered around the flatline throughout the October 24 session. While FMCG and IT stocks dragged down Nifty, financials and construction stocks provided some support. CARE Ratings (Rs 1,407, +20%) | CARE Ratings stock hit 20 percent upper circuit on October 24 after the company reported 31 percent YoY growth in consolidated profit-after-tax in September quarter, while revenue from operations rose 22 percent YoY to Rs 117 crore. Tata Communications (Rs 1,790.65, +0.65%) | Tata Communications share price rallied after the company unveiled AI infra with NVIDIA-accelerated computing. As part of the initiative, Tata Communications will integrate cutting-edge NVIDIA software solutions into its AI Cloud offerings. Piramal Pharma (Rs 252.7, +16.1%) | Piramal Pharma shares climbed 18 percent a day after the drugmaker reported solid earnings for the July-September quarter, marked by a steep surge in its net profit. The drugmaker's net profit zoomed 3.5 times year-on-year to Rs 22.59 crore in the September quarter, up from Rs 5.02 crore in Q2 FY24. Sona BLW (Rs 728, +13.03%) | Sona BLW Precision stock rallied 13 percent after the company reported a robust set of numbers in the second quarter, and announced a signing pact with Escorts Kubota to acquire its railway equipment division. During the quarter, the auto components maker reported a 16 percent yon-year increase in profit after tax. Aster DM (Rs 441.95, +9.94%) | Shares of Aster DM Healthcare skyrocketed 14 percent after the company delivered a robust earnings performance for the July-September quarter. The hospital chain reported a net profit of Rs 97 crore in the September, a stark turnaround from a net loss of Rs 31 crore in the same period last fiscal. KPIT Technologies (Rs 1,417, -13.3%) | KPIT Tech shares dropped by as much as 15 percent after JPMorgan lowered its target price to Rs 1,900 per share. This comes after the company revised its FY25 constant currency revenue growth outlook to the lower end of its 18-22 percent guidance range, mainly due to delays in deal ramp-ups and closures. Dr Lal PathLabs (Rs 3,068, -5.77%) | The pharma player’s share price slipped over 6 percent amid profit booking after the diagnostics firm said its consolidated profit after tax increased 18 percent on-year to Rs 131 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2024. Hindustan Unilever (Rs 2,504.75, -5.81%) | Hindustan Unilever shares cracked 6 percent as falling consumption caused volume growth to slip under brokerages' estimates. HUL reported weaker-than-expected growth trends, with a lack of margin expansion and no clear drivers for an industry demand uptick, implying that volume growth will not exceed 4-5% in the near term, said brokerage Investec. SBI Life (Rs 1,635.9, -4.67%) | SBI Life shares dropped over 5 percent following a weaker-than-expected performance in the September quarter. The company’s results fell short of market expectations, with key metrics such as Annual Premium Equivalent (APE) and Value of New Business (VNB) coming in 11 percent and 14 percent below Street estimates, respectively. Hindalco (Rs 690.5, -3.71%) | Shares of Hindalco dropped nearly 7 percent following a sharp 28 percent decline in Constellium SE's stock after its quarterly results were reported under expectations. Constellium SE is a Paris-based global manufacturer, specialises in aluminium rolled products.Following its poor show, concerns have risen for Hindalco's arm Novelis, as Constellium SE—operating in the same segment—reports soft demand in the automotive sector, raising fears of similar challenges ahead for Novelis.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: CARE Ratings hit 20% upper circuit, scales to new 52-week high on healthy Q2 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of CARE Ratings soared 20 percent to hit the upper circuit and a 52-week high of Rs 1,409 on October 24, following the release of robust September quarter results. The company posted 31 percent year-on-year (YoY) growth in consolidated profit after tax (PAT) at Rs 46.88 crore, with revenue from operations rising 22 percent YoY to Rs 117.37 crore. Operationally, CARE Ratings delivered impressive numbers, with EBITDA climbing 33 percent YoY to Rs 55.72 crore and an EBITDA margin of 47 percent, reflecting efficient management and solid performance across its business segments. The company attributed its growth to both its core ratings business and newer non-rating verticals, showcasing a well-rounded expansion strategy. In its earnings call, the management emphasised momentum in initial ratings for capital market instruments, securitization, and bank debt, reflecting its focus on quality-led growth. Despite healthy 15 percent YoY growth in overall bank credit offtake as of August FY25, the company noted some slowdown in lending to NBFCs (down to 11.9 percent growth from 21.3 percent last year) and personal loans (16.9 percent versus 18.3 percent), driven by higher risk-weighting norms in these segments. ALSO READ: CARE Ratings pays Rs 13.05 lakh to settle allegations of violations of CRA Regulations Adding to investor optimism, CARE Ratings’ Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of Rs 7 per share for Q2FY25, further boosting market sentiment. The company also announced its ambitious global expansion plans, positioning itself as the first Indian rating agency to enter the sovereign and global scale ratings market. Through the launch of CareEdge Global IFSC Ltd, CARE will now provide ratings for 39 countries, expanding its footprint across key international markets. Its subsidiaries, CareEdge Africa and CareEdge Nepal, reported solid business growth, while CareEdge ESG issued its first rating to promote sustainability initiatives. Additionally, CareEdge Analytics and CareEdge Advisory reported improved performance, contributing to the company’s diversified growth strategy.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Fedbank Financial Services; target of Rs 130: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Fedbank Financial Services Q2FY25 for Fedbank Financial Services (Fedfina) has been eventful with: 1) a change in top management; 2) RBI circular dated 4 Oct’24 (link) stressing upon carryout lending activities of similar products (except housing finance) under one entity [product overlap (Gold loans &amp;amp; LAP) between Federal Bank and Fedfina]; and 3) its second consecutive quarter of elevated credit cost. While some of these are transient, they do pose a risk on near-term profitability, especially given the ongoing stress in the sector. So far, Fedfina has remained insulated from system stress in unsecured loans, evident in GNPL of &amp;lt;1% for last eight quarters. Outlook Considering its inexpensive valuation at 1.1x FY26E BVPS and likely improvement in credit cost during H2FY25, we maintain BUY with a revised TP of INR 130 (earlier INR 184), as we trim our earnings estimates by 16%/5% for FY25/FY26 and also cut the multiple to 1.5x (earlier 2x) PBV on Sep’25E BVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Godrej Properties; target of Rs 2113: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Godrej Properties Godrej Properties (GPL) clocked strong Q2FY25 gross sales bookings of 5.2msf worth INR 52bn, led by 5.6msf of launches for the quarter worth INR71.7bn. Sales bookings were driven mainly by INR 14.9bn of sales from Godrej Vrikshya, Gurugram, INR 6.1bn from Godrej Woodside Estate, MMR and other launches during the quarter. Buoyed by the strong H1FY25 performance where it has achieved gross sales bookings of INR 138bn, the company is well on track to meet its FY25 sales booking guidance of INR 270bn (INR 225bn achieved in FY24). We model for INR 260bn of sales bookings in FY25E and INR 300bn in FY26E owing to the company’s strong launch pipeline. Outlook We retain our SELL rating owing to rich valuations of 6.5x FY26E P/B with a revised target price of INR2,113 (earlier INR 1,861) based on 1.5x FY25E NAV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: From Data Centers to Caravans: This PMS fund manager bets on interesting concepts, companies [/INST] The full article is as follows: Vijay Bharadia is a third-generation businessman from a textile family who turned to managing people’s money in 2018. He manages Rs 375 crore across five strategies in Wallfort PMS, which he founded after transitioning from managing private client money successfully to launch a PMS structure. The founder and CIO's oldest strategy has delivered 112 percent returns to investors in the last one year. His current focus? He is betting big on the data center space because 2026 onwards, data generated by 140 crore Indians has to be stored in the country itself and cannot be taken outside India. While companies like Anant Raj and Techno Electric &amp;amp; Engineering are at the forefront in the data centers arena, Bharadia has something different in his mind. He prefers to invest through proxies -- businesses providing various parts which enables data centers to run. One of his bets is Blue Star, which has a pan-India presence. As data centers generate substantial heat, the demand for efficient cooling solutions, will surge, benefiting the company. Meanwhile, the fund manager has invested in an unlisted company called Motohom, which makes caravans. He says that the caravan business in India is untapped unlike the $20 billion RV (recreational vehicle) industry in the US. While many companies in India focus on vanity vans, which celebrities use for temporary comfort on movie sets, caravans are designed for family holidays, and have amenities like kitchens and bathrooms. Bharadia sees a major gap in India’s infrastructure, especially in remote tourist areas and national parks where there is a lack of proper accommodation. He says in the coming years, caravans could solve this problem by offering a mobile and hygienic solution. Although it may take 5-7 years for the caravan market to develop fully in India, the potential is huge for companies willing to invest in this space. The fund manager bought the company six months back at Rs 30 crore, and its valuation is at the same level currently. The fund manager has invested in a biotech company as well, called Pandorum Technologies, which focuses on tissue regeneration to restore eyesight. They have developed a solution that uses just two drops to regenerate a person’s cornea. After successfully clearing animal trials, the company is preparing for human trials, expected to begin within nine months. Wallfort invested in this company before it started animal trials at a valuation of Rs 350 crore. It is currently valued at around Rs 1,000 crore. With the upcoming human trials and its potential success, the market opportunity is significant, especially in the US where the product could target a $10 billion market, he says. Bharadia says that even insurance companies could cover the cost of the drops as they annually spend $100,000 on one person on care for blind individuals. Spending on the drops rather is cost effective for them. The PMS’ oldest strategy – Diversified Fund had given returns of 112 percent in the last one year as compared to the benchmark returns of 44 percent. While it has given returns of 41 percent in the last 5 years as compared to the benchmark of returns of 22 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Amber Enterprises India; target of Rs 5625: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Amber Enterprises India Amber’s business transformation journey is progressing well. The company is taking rapid strides under its electronics business – we expect it to compound materially over the medium term. The core RAC business-led consumer durables business showed strong growth and has a huge growth runway in our view. Takeaways: (1) Amber’s major revenue contributors – consumer durables and electronics segment – posted robust revenue growth amid a favourable business environment and we model H2FY25 to remain strong. (2) Gross margins contracted due to change in revenue mix. However, operational efficiencies offset its impact as EBITDA margin expanded YoY. (3) Railway mobility business might continue its weak growth streak in the near term amid business headwinds. While there is strong growth, we believe return ratios are less than cost of capital and FCF generation is also negative. Outlook Hence, we maintain REDUCE with a DCF-based revised TP of INR 5,625 (earlier: INR 3,850; implied FY26/27E P/E: 56/42x). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Dr Lal Pathlabs; target of Rs 3100: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Dr Lal Pathlabs Dr Lal PathLabs’ (Dr Lal) Q2FY25 revenue growth of 9.8% YoY was lower than our expectation, though its better EBITDA margin of 30.7% was a surprise. Q2FY25 growth was driven by its bundled test package Swasthfit, which rose 25% YoY and accounted for 24% of revenue (vs. 22% last year). Suburban continues to demonstrate better growth (11.6% YoY) while its margins touched 20% in Q2FY25 (up 650bps YoY). Ahead, management is focusing on boosting volume growth and may refrain from taking price hikes in the near term. Cash balance of INR 10bn may be utilised for M&amp;amp;A to improve its presence in south India and other fast-growing cities. Outlook We cut our FY25E/FY26E EBITDA by ~4%/5% to factor in moderate revenue growth. Retain HOLD with a lower target price of INR 3,100. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold AU Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 630: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on AU Small Finance Bank AU SFB’s Q2FY25 performance was mixed with it sustaining profitability (RoA of 1.6%) and growth momentum (loan growth at 6% QoQ) but credit cost continues to be higher than the guided range. Credit cost during Q2 increased to 1.6% vs 1.4% QoQ owing to higher stress in secured retail assets due to seasonality and higher slippages in MFI and credit card segments. While management expects improvement in asset quality during H2FY25, it has revised full year FY25 credit cost guidance upwards to 1.3% vs 1.1% earlier due to likely higher stress in MFI and credit card. It also highlighted that it has already initiated several measures to contain slippages in credit card and MFI businesses like tightening underwriting, reducing loan amounts and strengthening collections team. Outlook Maintain HOLD with an unchanged TP of INR 630, valuing the stock at 2.5x Sep’25E BVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold SRF; target of Rs 2250: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on SRF SRF’s chemicals business is facing multiple headwinds from increased Chinese competition, weak demand from agrochemical innovators, delay in new product commercialisation and drop in prices across specialty chemicals and HFCs. Nonetheless, SRF expects revenues to improve in H2FY25 with healthy orderbook visibility for Q4FY25 in specialty chemicals. It believes margins have bottomed out, and technology intervention and higher volumes shall aid improvement. The company has announced capex for HFO of INR 11bn. Outlook We cut our FY25E/26E EPS by 18%/17%, entirely driven by slower-than-expected recovery in its chemicals business, and revise our SoTP-based TP to INR 2,250 (from INR 2,480) as we roll over valuation to Sep’26E. We downgrade SRF a notch to HOLD (from Add). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2596: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on TVS Motor Company TVS Motor Company (TVSL) continued to move up the profitability curve. The company delivered yet another quarter of record margin at 11.7% (vs. consensus 11.8%), up 65bps/25bps YoY/QoQ despite the EV mix increasing 70bps/130bps in Q2FY25 (EV revenues ~10% in H1). TVS expects rural demand to recover, and it expects to see 7–8% industry growth in Q3. We believe, TVS has the capability to deliver 12–12.5% EBITDAM in FY25–26E, despite e2W scaling in excess of ~30k units/month with 10% CAGR in overall volume in FY24–26E. Outlook However, TVSL’s stock (up ~70%) has outperformed the Nifty index (up ~27%) over the last one year, reducing its upside. Accordingly, we downgrade TVSL to HOLD, from Add, with a DCF-based unchanged TP of INR 2,596, implying 30x FY26E standalone EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gabriel India; target of Rs 700: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Gabriel India Exceeding our estimated Rs966m, Gabriel’s Q2 consolidated EBITDA surged 34% y/y to Rs987m. On the change in strategy, the company’s entry into the high growth “sunroof” product line is positive and would be a major value driver. Further, diversification into new product lines partnerships/acquisitions would keep growth strong. The next M&amp;amp;A announcement is expected in FY25 and another two in three-four years. Outlook The company is our top pick in small-cap ancillaries. We introduce our FY27e, with 14%/17%/19% revenue/EBITDA/PAT growth. We retain a Buy at a higher TP of Rs700 (earlier Rs610), 28x consolidated FY27e EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Navin Fluorine International; target of Rs 3523 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Navin Fluorine International Navin Fluorine International (NFIL) reported a revenue of Rs5.18bn (9.9% YoY/ -1% QoQ). The topline was 17% lower than our estimates of Rs6.6bn (cons est Rs5.5bn). HPP vertical saw 23% YoY revenue growth, driven by optimal HFO and R-32 operations as well as improved R-22 prices. Expansion of R-32 capacity is on track and is expected to be commissioned in Feb’25, while AHF capex shall be commissioned by end-FY25. Specialty chemicals segment recorded 15% decline in sales. However, the management expect growth to pick up driven by strong order visibility for this segment in H2FY25 and beyond. One new molecule was introduced at the Surat facility; plans are afoot to launch 2 more in Q3FY25. CDMO vertical saw 16% QoQ decline in revenue, but 42% YoY increase; revenue is targeted to reach USD100mn in FY27. Phase 1 of cGMP4 plant is on track and is expected to commissioned by Q3FY26. Though specialty chemicals segment has been impacted by subdued demand, we believe long-term fundamentals of the company are intact and strong order visibility will drive growth. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 38x FY27E EPS of Rs87. We value the company at 45x FY26/FY27 EPS to arrive at TP of Rs3,523. We maintain ‘Accumulate’ on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Hindustan Unilever; target of Rs 3079: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Hindustan Unilever HUL’s Q2FY2025 performance was slight miss on expectations with revenues growing by 1.5% y-o-y while PAT declined by ~4% y-o-y; underlying volumes grew by 3%, lagging street expectations of 4-5%. Rural demand is recovering, while urban demand is moderating resulting in no major uplift in the overall demand. Management expects low-single digit price-led growth in H2FY2025 due to input cost inflation. OPM to remain at ~23% in the near term. Board has decided to separate ice cream business to sharpen focus on core business. Ice cream business contributes ~3% of overall India business and this move is unlikely to have any impact on HUL’s earnings performance. Outlook Stock has corrected by 13% from its recent high and trades at 59x, 54x and 49x its FY25E, FY26E and FY27E EPS, respectively. We retain a Buy on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 3,079. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2839: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on TVS Motor Company Reported APAT at Rs 663 crore (up 23.5% y-o-y) as against the estimate of Rs 655 crore on 70 bps y-o-y expansion in EBITDA margin to 11.7%. This was the consecutive fifth quarter when TVSM has reported EBITDA margins of above 11% Outlook We maintain a Buy on the stock with an unchanged PT of Rs 2839 eyeing a gradual revival in export volumes, successful launches in the EV space and sustenance of high EBITDA margins. Stock trades at P/E multiple of 30.6x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 18.1x its FY27E estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: SBI Life crack 5% on Q2 miss, but brokerages hope growth from new investments, product launches [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of SBI Life Insurance dropped over 5 percent to Rs 1,624 on October 24, following a weaker-than-expected performance in the September quarter. The company’s results fell short of market expectations, with key metrics such as Annual Premium Equivalent (APE) and Value of New Business (VNB) coming in 11 percent and 14 percent below Street estimates, respectively. Adding to the disappointment, the VNB margin contracted by 160 basis points year-over-year to 26.9 percent in Q2FY25. Analysts attributed the margin compression to an unfavorable shift in the business mix, driven by increased traction towards linked and participating (PAR) products, which tend to have lower margins. Despite the subdued performance, brokerages remain optimistic about SBI Life's growth prospects, pinning hopes on product innovation, investments in distribution channels, and digital initiatives. Motilal Oswal reiterated its 'buy' rating with a target price of Rs 2,100 per share. The brokerage expressed confidence that the launch of new products will help revive the protection segment, a critical driver of profitability, while sustained investments in agency channels and digital enhancements are expected to boost growth. Motilal Oswal projects that SBI Life will achieve an 18 percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in APE and VNB over FY24-27, with a Return on Embedded Value (RoEV) stabilising around 20 percent by FY27. ALSO READ: SBI Life Q2 profit jumps 39% at Rs 529 crore HDFC Securities also maintained its bullish outlook, issuing a high-conviction ‘buy’ call with a target price of Rs 2,020 per share. Analysts highlighted three key factors supporting their optimism: the insurer’s exclusive access to SBI’s extensive distribution network, with branch penetration at approximately 2 percent; opportunities to shift towards more traditional, margin-accretive products; and a competitive edge in cost efficiency, particularly in its expense-to-APE ratio compared to peers. Similarly, UBS reaffirmed a 'buy' rating on SBI Life with a target price of Rs 1,940, underscoring the potential impact of the company’s recent product launches. While these new products, particularly in the pure protection space, were introduced late in the quarter, the brokerage expects their benefits to become evident from Q3FY25 onwards. UBS also noted encouraging improvements in persistency across various customer cohorts, excluding the 37th-month metric, reflecting enhanced customer retention. Although the Q2 results highlighted some near-term challenges, including pressures on margins due to changes in product mix, analysts remain confident in the insurer’s long-term trajectory.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SRF; target of Rs 2707: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on SRF In Q2FY2025, revenue reached Rs. 3,424 crore, up 8% y-o-y, but down 1% q-o-q. Operating profit stood at Rs. 538 crore, reflecting a 14% y-o-y decrease and an 11% q-o-q decline. Margins were recorded at 16%, down 399 bps y-o-y and 167 bps q-o-q. PAT stood at Rs. 202 crore, down 33% y-o-y and 20% q-o-q. The chemical segment saw declines in key financial metrics, with revenue at Rs. 1,358 crore, down 5% y-o-y and 8% q-o-q. EBIT stood at Rs. 246 crore, down 29% y-o-y and 20% q-o-q, with EBIT margin at 16%, down 626 bps y-o-y and 255 bps q-o-q. The Board has approved two major projects: the establishment of production facilities for fourth-generation refrigerants at an estimated cost of Rs. 1,100 crore, expected to be completed in about 30 months, and a manufacturing facility for the BOPP-BOPE film line in Indore, costing Rs. 445 crore, and anticipated to be operational in approximately 25 months. The latter project not only expands substrate offerings but also aligns with the company’s sustainability agenda due to the recyclability of polyolefin substrates. Outlook We maintain BUY, adjusting our PT to Rs. 2,707, reflecting a valuation of 30x P/E, based on the projected FY2027E EPS of Rs. 90.24, considering ongoing challenges in the chemical sector. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Amber Enterprises; target of Rs 7350: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Amber Enterprises Q2 numbers were strong with a profit of Rs. 21 crore (versus a loss in the same quarter last year), superseding our estimates of Rs. 9 crore. Revenues rose 82% y-o-y (above our estimates of 37%) led by Consumer Durables (94% growth y-o-y) and Electronics (95% y-o-y) segments. Operating profits significantly jumped by 91% y-o-y contributed by humongous revenue growth and a slight rise in margins. Consumer durables segment growth is led by channel filling. RAC segment grew 104%, while Non-RAC vertical grew by 68%. Outlook We maintain a Buy rating, factoring in the long-term revenue growth triggers across segments with a revised PT of Rs. 7,350 (based on 41x of FY2027E EPS) At CMP, the stock trades at a valuation of 81x/49x/36x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 1600: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Kajaria Ceramics Consolidated revenue stayed in-line, with resilient tile volume growth. Consolidated OPM was hit by Bathware unit losses. OPM and PAT lagged estimates. Management marginally lowered tile volume growth guidance to 9-10% y-o-y, while it expects to meet lower end of OPM guidance of 15-17% for FY2025. It retained its three-year growth guidance as of now with a consolidated revenue target of Rs. 6500 crore for FY2027 and OPM of 15-17%. Outlook We maintain a Buy on Kajaria Ceramics with a revised PT of Rs. 1,600, factoring downwardly revised estimates and considering a healthy earnings growth trajectory in the next three years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy NIIT Learning Systems; target of Rs 525: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on NIIT Learning Systems For Q2FY2025, NLSL revenue stood at Rs. 397 crore, down 2% q-o-q/up 4% y-o-y in CC, missing our estimate of Rs. 417 crore. EBITDA margin fell ~160 bps q-o-q to 22%, below our estimate of 24.1%, largely due to wage hike and lower revenue. Revenue visibility improved to $368 million in Q2FY2025 from $350 million in Q1FY25. Management has revised its revenue growth guidance for FY25 to 7% plus in CC terms from 12-14%. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 525 (valued at 22x its September 2026E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 25x/21x/17.3x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gabriel India; target of Rs 558: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Gabriel India Gabriel reported PAT at Rs. 52.7 crore (+12.2% y-o-y) against our estimate of Rs. 54 crore on 3% beat in revenue estimates and 50 bps y-o-y expansion in gross margin. The Sunroof project has delivered EBITDA margin of 16.6% in Q2FY2025 against 14% in Q1FY2025. Outlook We maintain BUY with an unchanged PT of Rs. 558, driven by its strong brand reputation, expansion strategies, profitability focus, anticipated rise in content per vehicle, inorganic growth initiatives, and enhance export potential. The stock trades at a P/E multiple of 20.6x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 13.2x its FY2027E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Logistics; target of Rs 560: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Mahindra Logistics Consolidated revenue stayed in-line, led by healthy growth in the standalone business and sharp recovery in freight forwarding. Lower OPMs in standalone and express losses led to a miss on consolidated operating and net profit. Weak demand and high competitive intensity in the express business are likely to challenge EBITDA breakeven by Q4FY2025. However, it remains steadfast in turning around the express business. Order intake remained healthy at Rs. 200 crore annualised during Q2, sustaining momentum of new order intake of Rs. 210 crore annualised in Q1. Outlook We retain BUY on Mahindra Logistics Limited (MLL) with a revised PT of Rs. 560, factoring in downwardly revised estimates, while it remains on a growth path. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KPIT Share Price: KPIT Tech slumps 15% as JPMorgan slashes target price on expectations of a softer H2FY25 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of KPIT Technologies dropped by as much as 15 percent on October 24 after JPMorgan lowered its target price to Rs 1,900 per share. This comes after the company revised its FY25 constant currency revenue growth outlook to the lower end of its 18-22 percent guidance range, mainly due to delays in deal ramp-ups and closures. JPMorgan expects the guidance cut to lead to a softer H2FY25 and cautions that a weak exit rate could hamper FY26 growth as well. The brokerage had an 'Overweight' rating on the stock. At 12.23 PM, shares of KPIT Tech traded 13.5 percent lower at 1,414. October 24 marked the fifth session of decline for the stock. KPIT Tech's shares have declined over 5 percent since the start of 2024, underperforming the Nifty 50 which has gained over 12 percent in the same period. Follow our live blog for all the market action In an interview with CNBC-TV18, CEO Kishor Patil acknowledged project delays that led to the cautious guidance but reassured that the underlying growth remains strong. Patil also revealed plans for strategic acquisitions in the next six to nine months. For the quarter ended September, KPIT Tech's net profit remained flat at Rs 204 crore, compared to the previous quarter, while revenue rose by 8 percent to Rs 1,471 crore. EBITDA increased by 4 percent to Rs 301 crore, with an operating profit margin of 20.5 percent. Additionally, the KPIT board approved raising up to Rs 2,880 crore through a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) or other permissible methods, in one or more tranches.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold AU Small Finance Bank; target of Rs 700: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on AU Small Finance Bank Though credit cost rose sharply, AU SFB reported a sharp earnings beat led by strong fee income/ treasury gains and lower opex. The bank managed to report RoA/RoE at 1.7%/ 14.5% in Q2FY25. Asset quality worsened sharply led by secured as well as unsecured portfolio resulting in higher credit cost (1.6% of net loans vs 1.3% q-o-q) and credit cost remained above the guided range for two quarters in a row. Slippages increased to 3.1% (% of net loans) vs 2.4% q-o-q. Credit cost is expected to remain elevated in H2FY25 although the management is reasonably confident to pull back recoveries in secured portfolio in H2 however, improvement in asset quality in secured portfolio would be offset by increase in flows from MFI as well as credit cards portfolio. Outlook We maintain our HOLD rating on AU SFB with an unchanged PT of Rs. 700. The stock trades at 2.5x/2.2x its FY2025E/FY2026E BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SBI Life Insurance Co; target of Rs 2015: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on SBI Life Insurance Co SBI Life Insurance reported premium income lower than our estimates by 6% mainly due to weakness in the group insurance and muted growth in the bancassurance cahannel. In terms of APE, growth was muted at 3% YoY, lower than our estimates by 4%. VNB declined by 3% YoY due to increased sale of ULIP products and high base of last FY while VNB margin reported a degrowth of 159bps. The company continues to launch new products to diversify its product offerings and is working on Agency 2.0 to strengthen its agency network. Although, the quarter remained muted in terms of APE/VNB growth, the company remains optimistic about the path going ahead and expects APE growth of 15-17% YoY. Outlook We expect its APE/NBP to grow at 17%/21% CAGR over FY24-27E. The company is currently trading at P/EV multiple of 2.3/2.0/1.7x of its FY25/26/27E embedded value. We maintain ‘Buy’ on SBI Life Insurance with a target price of Rs 2,015; valuing the company at 2.5x on its FY26E embedded value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karnataka Bank; target of Rs 298: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Karnataka Bank De-growth in NII (lower margins) and less non-interest income (lower fees) led to 19% q/q decline in core operating profits for Karnataka Bank. Modest provisions supported profitability. Asset quality improved sharply. Ahead, with credit growth in mid-teens and modest credit costs, earnings are expected to be good, with the RoA likely holding near 1%. Outlook We maintain our Buy recommendation, with a 12-mth TP of Rs298, 0.8x P/ABV on its FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Amber Enterprises; target of Rs 8125: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Amber Enterprises Healthy growth in its consumer durables and electronics drove Amber’s strong Q2 growth. With its expanded portfolio and client added, it expects to outdo industry growth in RAC. PCB capacity (greenfield) is being expanded (capex Rs6.5bn), with revenue likely from FY27. JV with Korea Circuits has been signed to expand offerings to HDI, flex and semiconductor substrates. Outlook With strong electronics and mobility tailwinds, we expect 37%/48% FY27 revenue/ EBITDA (FY24 25.6%/32.1%) driving RoCE (8.3% to 20.6%) and EPS (Rs39.4 to Rs193.8) expansion. We retain a Buy at an Rs8,125 TP. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 8066: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Bajaj Finance Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 increased by 22.8% YoY (+5.6% QoQ) to INR 88,377 Mn, primarily led by robust growth in AUM. PreProvision Operating Profit (PPOP) stood at INR 73,071 Mn, a growth of 25.2% YoY (+5.2% QoQ) in Q2FY25. PPOP met our estimates. Profit after tax for Q2FY25 grew by 13.0% YoY (+2.6% QoQ) to INR 40,137 Mn. Higher provisions of INR 19,091 Mn have offset the healthy operating performance. Net profit miss against our estimates was 1.0%. BAF remains confident in its long-term outlook on the back of its strong growth in AUM, strategic investments in new business lines, and focus on operational efficiencies through technology like GenAI. We lower our PAT estimates for FY25E/ FY26E by 2.9%/ 2.0% given the expected increase in credit costs. Outlook We assign a P/ABV multiple of 4.6x on FY26E adj. book value of INR 1,753.4 to arrive at a target price of INR 8,066 per share (earlier INR 7,945). We maintain our “BUY” rating on BAF. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Supreme Industries; target of Rs 5752 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Supreme Industries We upgrade our recommendation to ‘BUY’ from ‘ACCUMULATE’ in view of the significant correction in stock price in the near past. Supreme Industries’ (SI) Q2FY25 volume growth was 0.2% below with our estimates, due to lower volume in the plastic pipe segment (down 0.7% YoY) and decrease in EBIT/kg to Rs14.7 (down 24.5% YoY) due to inventory loss in pipe segment. Plastic pipe realization corrected by 4.1% YoY due to fluctuations in PVC resin prices, change in product mix and competitive pricing. SI has revised its guidance for overall volume growth to 14-15% with EBITDA margin of 14.5-15.25% for FY25, and volume growth for pipe segment to 16-18%. SI has planned brownfield expansion at existing manufacturing sites and establishing new plants near Patna (Bihar), Malanpur (MP) and Kathua (J&amp;amp;K). We continue to maintain our positive view on SI given 1) capacity expansion in different geographies, 2) new product expansion, 3) pan-India distributors, and 4) cash surplus of Rs6.74bn for funding expansion plans. Outlook We estimate FY24- 27E revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 15.2%/16.5%/16.3%, with volume CAGR of 13.8% and EBITDA margin improvement of 50bps. We have downward revised our earnings estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27E by 6.6%/5.2%/4.2% and revised TP to Rs5,752 (Rs6,069 earlier), based on 50x FY27E earnings. Upgrade to ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 1000 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Can Fin Homes CANF saw a good quarter since NII/NIM surprised positively as reported NIM increased by 8bps QoQ to 3.65% driven by favorable loan yields and funding cost. A key monitorable, loan growth was in-line at 9.7% YoY, and the company is targeting disbursals of Rs100bn for FY25, suggesting loan growth of 13-15% YoY for FY25. It aims to improve loan growth to 15-17% in FY26E. While we are forecasting an AuM CAGR of 13.7% over FY24-27E, there are upside risks to growth due to renewal of CLSS, focus on SENP and adoption of technology initiatives. As per the management, following levers are in place to cushion NIM: (1) NHB sanction at a lower cost, (2) 27% of overall borrowings are repo linked and (3) share of higher yielding SENP in incremental credit flow is high at 30-35%. Outlook We remain constructive on CANF. With valuation at 1.9x and retaining multiple at 2.1x, we raise TP to Rs1,000 from Rs930 as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Mahindra Logistics; target of Rs 493 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mahindra Logistics Mahindra Logistics Ltd’s (MLL) operating performance was lower than our estimate with an EBITDA margin of 4.4% (PLe 4.8%) led by 1) unabsorbed white space of 1.1mn sqft, 2) additional hit of Rs30-40mn coming from hiring 6,900 contractual employees due to seasonality, and 3) losses of Rs242mn in B2B express segment. While unabsorbed white space would come down as demand revives, delay in break-even timeline within the B2B express segment is a concern. Incremental volume of 35-40% is required to achieve break-even, which may be challenging in the near term. Outlook We broadly maintain our estimates and ‘HOLD’ rating with a TP of Rs493 (earlier Rs500) as we cut our target multiple to 39x (earlier 41x) given the challenges in B2B segment. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Hindustan Unilever; target of Rs 2744 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Hindustan Unilever We cut FY25/FY26/FY27EPS by 4.1/5.2/5.7% factoring in 1) uncertainty in growth as urban demand has softened even as rural recovery continues 2) inflation in commodity basket in Palmoil, Tea, coffee and cereals and 3) sustained competitive intensity across mass segment in HPC. HUL is relying on gains from formulation change and price cuts in soaps and pricing in tea and coffee in 2H, which should provide realization growth with improved GM. Recovery in urban demand might be delayed due to high food inflation which will curtail significant margin expansion from current levels (180bps ad spend cut in 2Q). Long-term growth levers led by higher growth in Ecom and categories of future (liquids, Green Tea, premium skincare etc.) and premium segments remains intact. Outlook we estimate 9.1% PAT CAGR over FY25-27 and assign DCF based target price of Rs2744 (Rs2811 earlier), implying target PE of 53.6x sept’26EPS. We retain Hold given 13% correction from the peak, although any significant upmove looks unlikely in near term. Retain HOLD. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold TVS Motor Company; target of Rs 2628 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on TVS Motor Company TVSL’s Q2FY25 standalone revenue grew by up by 13.3% YoY, coming in 3.8%/2% lower than PLe/BBGe. Despite healthy volume growth and mix improvement in motorcycle, ASP declined by 1% YoY/2.5% QoQ, owing to inferior mix in the scooter’s portfolio. EBITDA grew by 20% YoY with a margin expansion of 70bps YoY to 11.7%, a 7 consecutive quarter of margin improvement. PAT increased by 23.5%, however; it was 4.7% below consensus estimates. TVSL outlined new launches for the EV portfolio to drive the overall scale of the business. The company foresees healthy growth outlook in the exports business with LATAM being one of the key market of its focus while steady revival in African volume shall further aid in international volume expansion. TVSL expects industry to grow by 7-8% YoY in Q3FY25 and aims itself to outperform the industry growth rate. Outlook We cut our revenue/EPS estimates by ~2- 4% to account for less favorable scooters mix. Factoring this, we estimate its revenue/EBITDA/EPS to growth at a CAGR of 13.5%/17.5%/20.4% over FY24- 27E and retain our “HOLD” rating and reduce our TP from Rs 2,784 to Rs2,628 (including Rs 78 for TVS Credit), valuing it at a P/E of 36x on its Sept’26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 1604 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Kajaria Ceramics Kajaria Ceramics (KJC) reported decline in profitability due to 250bps YoY contraction in margin in Q2FY24. It has downward revised its tiles volume guidance to 9-10% from 11-13% earlier and EBITDA margin to ~15% for FY25. Consequently, we have downward revised our earnings estimates by 9.5%/7.4%/2.8% for FY25/FY26/FY27E factoring in its soft performance in H1FY25 and downward revision in guidance. KJC reported healthy volume growth of +8.4% YoY during a challenging quarter, while realization corrected 2.8% YoY with increase in outsourcing volume and in sales of economy products, impacting gross margins. Outlook We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 10.6%/12.5%/14.8% over FY24-27E. We have considered 9.8% CAGR in tiles volume over FY24-27 with cons EBITDA margin of 16.1% in FY27. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating, as we value the stock at 40x FY27 EPS to arrive at TP of Rs1,604 (Rs1,651 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce SRF; target of Rs 2036 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on SRF Chemicals segment experienced 8% sequential decline in revenue in Q2FY25 due to continued slowdown in agrochemical. Fluorochemicals business faced challenges with subdued export realizations, although the domestic market for refrigerant gases performed well. BOPET film segment is expected to witness demand-supply imbalance for some time, resulting in 70bps sequential EBIT margin decline for the packaging film business. Packaging revenue increased by 27% owing to better domestic prices. Textiles business posted healthy sales volumes in belting fabrics; however, increased pressure from cheaper imports affected margins. Looking ahead, we expect continued strength in the domestic refrigerants market. Outlook However, challenges remain with weak agrochemical demand and oversupply from Chinese competitors, which could pressure margins in the near term. Given these factors, we remain cautious about the stock and maintain our ‘REDUCE’ rating, with SOTP-based target price of Rs2,036. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hindalco plummets 7% amid concerns over weak demand for arm Novelis after Constellium's warning [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hindalco dropped nearly 7 percent following a sharp 28 percent decline in Constellium SE's stock after its quarterly results were reported. Constellium reported lower third-quarter profit and revenue due to weakening demand across multiple end markets and disruptions caused by flooding at its Swiss facilities. Constellium SE, a Paris-based global manufacturer, specialises in aluminium rolled products, extruded products, and structural parts made from advanced alloys. Its shipments fell in the third quarter on account of poor performance in the automotive and aerospace sector. The company also said that demand remains weak in these two segments. Following the poor show, concerns have risen for Hindalco's arm Novelis, as Constellium SE—operating in the same segment—reports soft demand in the automotive sector, raising fears of similar challenges ahead for the former. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Automotives is the most profitable segment for Novelis, thereby driving a 20 percent share of Hindalco's total volumes and a higher proportion of the company's EBITDA. Bogged down by these concerns, shares of Hindalco tanked, emerging as the top loser on the Nifty 50. At 10.24 am, shares of Hindalco were trading at Rs 686.95 on the NSE, though still deep in the red, but off its day's low of Rs 666.75. Trading volumes in the counter were also sharply higher. As much as 87 lakh shares changed hands so far, significantly higher than the one-month daily traded average of 64 lakh shares. Meanwhile, the dollar index also strengthened to a three-month high, crossing 104 level. A stronger dollar index is also bad news for metal manufacturers and thereby further dented dragged sentiment for the stock.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 1695: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Kajaria Ceramics In line with ARe, Kajaria Ceramics’ Q2 revenue grew 5% y/y to Rs11.8bn. EBITDA/PAT fell 12%/22% y/y to Rs1.6bn/Rs843m, below our estimated Rs1.7bn/Rs940m. Input cost pressures impacted the gross margin, which dipped 252bps y/y to 56.6%. Cost-control steps restricted the EBITDA margin’s 255bps y/y drop to 13.5%. PAT slipped 20% y/y to Rs946m. Management expects good demand for the tiles industry in H2, assuming rub-off from the strong real estate sector. Outlook As the stock has slipped 19% from its recent highs and 9%/15% during the last one week/month, it offers a 35% potential upside, based on our higher 12-mth TP of Rs1,695, 40x FY27e earnings (earlier Rs1,520, 40x FY26e earnings). Hence, we upgrade to a Buy. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Persistent Systems; target of Rs 5441: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Persistent Systems We expect a Revenue/PAT growth at a CAGR of 17.0%/21.0% for FY24-FY26E, respectively, and to witness a revenue/PAT growth of 16.6%/21.8% for FY24-FY27E. Accordingly, we project FY26E EPS of INR 102.7 and assign a P/E multiple of 53x, driven by recent ACV wins, improving discretionary spendings supported by margin expansion due to lower SG&amp;amp;A expenses. Consequently, we arrive at a TP of INR 5,441 (previously: INR 4,798). Historically Revenue/PAT growth of PSYS from FY21-FY24 has been 32.9%/34.4%, exceeding our forecasted growth rates, which typically would suggest a lower P/E multiple. However, over the past six months, the stock has surged close to 61.0%, leading to stretched valuations. 1Yr Forward P/E of PSYS now trades at a record high of 65.6x, compared to a 3Yr average of 32.2x. Outlook At the current market price, we believe the risk-reward profile has turned unfavorable with the risks of a potential correction in multiple outweighs the potential upside. Accordingly, we are downgrading the shares of Persistent Systems Ltd to “REDUCE” from “HOLD”. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Aster DM shares climb 14% on robust Q2 earnings performance [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Aster DM Healthcare skyrocketed 14 percent on October 14 after the company delivered a robust earnings performance for the July-September quarter. The hospital chain reported a net profit of Rs 96.84 crore in the September, a stark turnaround from a net loss of Rs 30.79 crore in the same period last fiscal. Revenue also grew 16 percent on year to Rs 1,086 crore in Q2 FY25 as compared to Rs 934 crore in the base period. Not just that, operational performance also improved significantly as EBITDA margin expanded to 21.4 percent in Q2 FY25, up from 16.8 percent in the year ago period. “As we expand, with plans to surpass around 6,800 beds by FY27, Aster DM Healthcare is well-positioned to meet the increasing demand for advanced healthcare in India,&quot; Dr Azad Moopen, Founder and Chairman, Aster DM Healthcare, said in an exchange filing. Along those lines, Aster DM also plans to add over 1,800 more beds by FY27 along with the new addition of Aster Women and Child in Hyderabad with 300 beds. At 10.05 am, shares of Aster DM Healthcare were trading at Rs 446.60 on the NSE. The solid quarterly performance also triggered a surge in volumes in the counter as 79 lakh shares changed hands so far, significantly higher than the one-month daily traded average of six lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Coming to the first half of FY25, the company's payor mix improved with insurance business contribution at 30 percent, offset by lower scheme business. The company's flagship Aster Whitefield hospital (Bangalore) achieved nearly 67 percent occupancy levels and ARPOB (Average Revenue Per Occupied Bed) at Rs 70,000 in H1 FY25. In addition, core hospital business delivered an operating EBITDA margin of 22.4 percent in H1 FY25, up from 19.1 percent in H1 FY24.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Varun Beverages; target of Rs 738: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Varun Beverages VBL showcased a healthy performance in Q3CY24 results, which outperformed our estimates across the board. Consolidated revenue stood at INR 48,047 Mn, grew by 24.1% YoY, outperformed our estimate by 3.6%. The revenue growth was driven by expanded distribution network, increased product penetration and favorable demand trends in key markets. EBITDA reached to INR 11,511 Mn, grew by 30.5% YoY, bet our estimate. The growth was led by better operating performance. The corresponding EBITDA margin improved by 117 bps YoY to 24.0%. PAT stood at INR 6,196 Mn, reporting a growth of 23.7% YoY, which surpassed our estimate. Mainly due to better operating performance and lower than expected tax expenses. Outlook We maintain our CY26E Adj. EPS, mainly due to strong revenue growth, geographic expansion, and cost efficiencies. We re-iterate our BUY rating, valuing the company with a maintained PE multiple of 57x on a CY26E EPS of INR 12.9. Consequently, we arrive at a target price of INR 738, indicating an upside of 24% from the CMP. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 11,446: Religare Retail Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: Religare Retail Research report on UltraTech Cement For Q2FY25, UltraTech Cement reported revenue of ₹15,635 crore, marking a decline of 2.4% YoY and 13.5% QoQ on the back muted volumes and lower price realisation. Weak government capex and monsoon led to 12.9% QoQ decline in sales volume, while on annualised basis it reported only sub 4% volume growth reaching 27.8 MT. Due to high competitive intensity price realization continue to remain under, seeing 6.4% decline on annualised basis reaching ₹5,656 per ton. Outlook We expect revenue and EBITDA to grow at a CAGR of 13.57% and 19.4% over FY25-26E. Given its strong position and financials, we assign an EV/EBITDA multiple of 18.5x on FY26E EBITDA, slightly above its 10-year average. Consequently, we revise our rating to Accumulate (from Hold) with a target price to ₹11,446. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Piramal Pharma stock surges 5.5% on solid Q2 earnings show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Piramal Pharma soared as much as 5.5 percent in early trade on October 24, a day after the drugmaker reported solid earnings for the July-September quarter, marked by a steep surge in its net profit. At 09.38 am, shares of Piramal Pharma were trading at Rs 227.29 on the NSE. The drugmaker's net profit zoomed 3.5 times year-on-year to Rs 22.59 crore in the September quarter, up from Rs 5.02 crore in Q2 FY24. Piramal Pharma’s CDMO business got a boost from the growing demand for innovation-driven projects. The company also unveiled an $80 million expansion plan for its Lexington facility, set for completion by FY27, positioning itself to meet the rising need for sterile fill-finish capabilities. Sales for its CDMO business, which accounts for 59 percent of total revenue, grew 24 percent on year to Rs 1,320 crore. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action In the Consumer Healthcare (CHG) division, steady volume growth in inhalation anaesthesia products was reported across the US and Emerging Markets. Meanwhile, in its India Consumer Healthcare (ICH) segment, the company’s power brands and e-commerce sales continued their upward trend. Aided by these, revenue rose 17.3 percent to Rs 2,241.75 crore compared to Rs 1,911.38 crore in the same period last year. Meanwhile, lower opex also triggered sharp margin expansion in Q2. EBITDA margin swelled up 130 basis points on year to 15.2 percent in the quarter gone by. &quot;We continue our momentum of delivering healthy revenue growth accompanied by year-on-year EBITDA margin expansion. This has been primarily driven by consistent growth in our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisation (CDMO) business, which has witnessed a good pick-up in innovation-related work and on-patent commercial revenues,&quot; Nandini Piramal, Chairperson of Piramal Pharma said in an exchange filing. &quot;Over the long term, we remain committed to achieving our financial goals of US$2 billion in revenue with a 25 percent EBITDA margin and 1x net debt/EBITDA by FY30,&quot; Piramal further guided.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sona BLW shares up 10% on robust Q2, deal to buy Escort's railway equipment business [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sona BLW Precision Forgings rallied 10 percent to Rs 707 in early trade on October 24 after the company reported a robust set of numbers in the second quarter, and announced a signing pact with Escorts Kubota to acquire its railway equipment division. During the quarter, the auto components maker reported a 16 percent year-on-year increase in consolidated profit after tax (PAT), reaching Rs 143.57 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Revenue from operations for the quarter rose 17 percent to Rs 922.18 crore, compared to Rs 787.46 crore in Q2 FY23. Battery electric vehicles (BEV) accounted for 36 percent of the revenue, with BEV revenue growing 53 percent year-on-year during the July-September period. The company also reported a net order book of Rs 23,100 crore as of September 30, 2024. Sona BLW Precision Forgings (Sona Comstar) has agreed to acquire the Railway Equipment Division (RED) of Escorts Kubota for a lump sum cash consideration of Rs 1,600 crore. The transaction will be conducted on a slump-sale basis, treating RED as a going concern. According to Sona Comstar, the acquisition is expected to be earnings accretive from the first year and provides substantial growth opportunities. RED is a leading supplier of key components for railways, including brakes and suspension systems for various rolling stocks. It reported revenue of approximately Rs 950 crore in FY24. Following the two developments, JP Morgan and CLSA have dished contrasting views on the stock. JPMorgan has maintained a neutral call on Sona BLW, raising the target price to Rs 640 per share. The company's growth is being driven by its electric vehicle (EV) revenues, with further expansion into railway components following a recent acquisition. CLSA has upgraded Sona BLW to ‘outperform’ raising the target price to Rs 712 from Rs 690. The company delivered an in-line operating performance, and its acquisition of EKL’s railway component business is expected to drive profitable growth. CLSA also noted a potential slowdown in Sona BLW’s core business, which has increased the need for inorganic growth avenues. Revenue from the newly acquired railway equipment business is expected to contribute starting from FY26. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 704, higher by 9.3 percent from the last close on the NSE. Sona BLW shares have tanked 14 percent in the past month.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co; target of Rs 893: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co ICICI Prudential premium income growth was reported higher than our estimates as the company’s retail segment remained healthy during the quarter. Along with premium income, its income from investments too remained strong on YoY basis, however, margin remained weak sequentially. Commission costs remained elevated during the quarter as the company is still in the process to structure its commission expense as per the new norms. However, the company’s margin remained a miss broadly due to higher ULIP sales and lower demand for non-par products. Going forward, the company shall look for absolute VNB growth if the opportunity arises. Outlook The company is adapting to the new regulatory norms is seeing traction in its newly adapted products. IPRU is currently trading at a 2.2/2.0/1.7x P/EV of its FY25/26/27E embedded value. We maintain Buy on ICICI Pru with a target price of Rs 893, valuing the company 2.3x of its FY26E embedded value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Afcons Infrastructure IPO; KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey, Afcons Infrastructure Ltd Afcons Infrastructure Limited, part of the Shapoorji Pallonji group and established in 1959, has a legacy of over six decades in infrastructure engineering. As of September 30, 2023, it has completed 76 projects in 15 countries, with a contract value of INR 522.20 Bn and an active order book of INR 317 Bn from 67 projects. The company operates across Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, specializing in marine, surface transport, urban infrastructure, hydro, and oil and gas projects. Afcons Infrastructure is a flagship infrastructure, engineering, and construction company of the Shapoorji Pallonji Group a leading player within the Indian conglomerate landscape, having a legacy that spans over six decades. The company has established a robust track record in executing a wide array of complex and unique engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) projects, both domestically and internationally. It is recognized as one of India’s largest international infrastructure firms. The company has outperformed its peers in several key metrics. Valuation and Outlook In light of Afcons Infrastructure's robust growth potential, solid financial performance and strategic initiatives aimed at market expansion, we recommend a ‘SUBSCRIBE’ rating for the company. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Coforge bags target price hikes after strong Q2 show; revenue, margin outlook bright [/INST] The full article is as follows: Coforge has emerged as the 'top midcap IT pick' for several analysts after its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Brokerages cheered the strong earnings by reaffirming bullish calls or increasing their respective price targets on the stock. Nomura maintained a 'buy' call on Coforge with a target price of Rs 8,480 per share, expecting double-digit revenue growth for FY25. The company's strong headcount additions and a solid 12-month executable order book provide confidence in its near to medium-term revenue outlook, it said. Margins remain robust, and Nomura has raised its FY25-27 EPS estimates by 0.6-2.4%. The brokerage highlighted Coforge as its top midcap pick. HSBC has raised its target price for Coforge to Rs 8,200 per share, reaffirming a 'buy' call. Both Coforge and Cigniti reported strong Q2 results, pointing to a positive revenue and margin outlook. Coforge's robust organic growth is further supported by expected integration synergies in the coming quarters. Additionally, an open offer for an increased stake in Cigniti is set to commence on October 29, 2024, analysts noted. Morgan Stanley has reiterated an 'Overweight' rating on the counter, raising its target price to Rs 8,000 per share. The firm highlighted Coforge’s higher revenue growth visibility compared to its peers, driven by a strong pipeline of large deals and continued headcount growth. It also emphasized the company’s healthy EBITDA-to-operating cash flow conversion rate of 65-70%. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action According to Nuvama, Coforge’s Q2FY25 results have pacified almost all concerns, except margins. Despite widespread scepticism, the management has delivered on its promises – viz. organic revenue growth, revenue synergy, and Cigniti margin improvement. The brokerage continues to see strong growth ahead for the company and believes in its ability to build a strong business franchise over the next few years. It retained a 'buy' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 8,650. Meanwhile, Citi has issued a 'Sell' call on Coforge, with a target price of Rs 6,720 per share. While Q2 revenues exceeded expectations and growth was broad-based across verticals, Citi flagged margins that came in line. Analysts acknowledged the importance of Coforge’s executable order book in driving future revenue growth and noted the 5.4% QoQ increase in headcount, which supports near-term growth. Despite these positives, Citi has revised its EPS estimates upward by 4-5% to reflect the consolidation of Cigniti. In the previous session, Coforge shares surged to close 11.1 percent higher at Rs 7,555.45 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 22 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 54 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio beats Nifty yet again; coming soon -- the 2024 portfolio [/INST] The full article is as follows: Moneycontrol Pro has a reasonably long track record of advising readers on stocks that are delivering high returns with a strong fundamental backing. Following the same philosophy, the MC Pro Research team had recommended a concentrated equal-weighted portfolio of 8 stocks last Diwali that has delivered an absolute return of 39 percent, thereby outperforming the Nifty by close to 10 percentage points. MC Pro’s 8-stock Diwali 2023 portfolio &amp;nbsp; Three of the eight stocks have proved to multibaggers. MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio &amp;nbsp; Three stocks also did decently well and we remain fairly confident about their future outlook. MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio Cyient DLM had a tepid show, although the growth opportunities remain meaningful. This design-led manufacturing company, having a meaningful presence in high entry barrier verticals like aerospace and defence, has a strong medium-term outlook and is available at a reasonable valuation. The other stock that had a disappointing show was Sirca Paints. This specialized paint player catering to wood coating and wall painting was impacted by negative sector sentiment despite its steady show. However, with a focus on high-value products and on opportunistic acquisitions, the outlook appears promising, backed by a reasonable valuation. MC Pro’s Diwali 2023 Portfolio The markets are facing headwinds from geopolitical uncertainty, US elections, China slowdown and softer macro indicators at home while supported by tailwinds of a nascent global recovery, reasonably long-term strength of the India economic story and abundant domestic liquidity support for equities. With the festival season around the corner, it’s time for new beginnings with a new portfolio. The MC Pro Research team is ready with its 2024 Diwali portfolio, comprising a basket of 20 stocks selected after rigorous analysis. Do watch out for its release. If you are among the 1 million subscribers benefiting from the MC Pro offering, you will be able to read it tomorrow October 25th. However, if you are not a subscriber then here is a good reason to become one now, click here for the various options. For more research articles, visit our Moneycontrol Research page. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open on a flat to positive note on October 24, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,510, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. The final hour selling pressure erased all the intraday gains to end on a negative note in the volatile session on October 23 despite broader indices outperformance. At close, the Sensex was down 138.74 points or 0.17 percent at 80,081.98, and the Nifty was down 36.60 points or 0.15 percent at 24,435.50. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading marginally higher, indicating a flat to positive opening for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,510 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed Thursday after U.S. stocks dropped overnight, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average posting its worst day in more than a month. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.05 -5.89 4.07 Nikkei 0.31 -4.83 6.65 Hang Seng Kospi 0.08 4.15 25.53 Taiwan -0.27 -4.56 -7.85 US Equities (Fall) Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, as climbing Treasury yields pressured megacap stocks and investors grew less confident about strong rate cuts from the Federal Reserve, while corporate news pressured McDonald's and Coca-Cola. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 409.94 points, or 0.96%, to 42,514.95, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 53.78 points, or 0.92%, to 5,797.42 and the Nasdaq Composite lost 296.47 points, or 1.60%, to 18,276.65. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.95 0.77 13.98 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.92 0.94 22.82 Nasdaq -1.60 0.82 23.03 US Bond Yield (Down) Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yields shed 38 bps at 4.22 percent after reaching reaching three-month high in the previous session.. The US 2-Year Treasury also trading lower by 21 bps at 4.06 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.22 down 38 3.72 4.82 US 2-Year Treasury 4.06 down 21 3.53 5.11 Dollar Index (Flat) The US dollar was trading flat amid the prospect of less aggressive Federal Reserve interest-rate cuts, and as positioning ahead of the US election offered support. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.35 100.46 106.27 Asian currencies (Higher) Asian currencies were mostly trading mostly higher in the early trade on Thursday. On a year-to-date basis, Thai Baht and Malaysian Ringgit, outperformed other currencies with gain of 1.4 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.384 -2.69 -1.45 South Korean Won 0.052 -3.75 -6.54 Japanese Yen 0.079 -6.17 -7.61 Philippines Peso -0. 141 - 3.08 - 4.55 Thai Baht 0.021 -3.30 1.37 Taiwan Dollar 0.103 - 0.124 -4.60 China Renminbi -0.094 - 1.09 -0.424 Malaysian Ringgit 0.046 -4.38 5.65 Singapore Dollar 0.068 -2.90 -0.121 Crude (Up) Oil prices edged higher on Thursday, recouping some of the more than 1% losses from the previous session after U.S. crude inventories rose much more than estimated. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 1.07 4.91 -0.17 Brent Crude 0.95 5.43 -1.77 Gold (Gains) Gold steadied in Asian trading, after falling by the most in 11 weeks on Wednesday on higher US bond yields and profit-taking near record-high levels. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.36 3.41 32.13 Silver 0.70 8.75 42.63 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities were trading mixed in the early trade on Thursday with Aluminium rising 1.4 percent, while Copper was down 0.6 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 1.37 2.22 11.98 Copper -0.64 -3.13 11.25 Nickel -0.05 -6.89 -1.73 Lead -0.29 -1.57 -0.27 Zinc 0.21 1.71 18.28 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 5,684 crore on October 23, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 6,040 crore on the same day. 23rd Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -5,684.63 -76,719.65 -2,19,255.84 DII Net Flows 6,039.90 1,21,191.30 4,26,775.01 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: New Asset Class: Distributors need training, certification to sell, say fund managers [/INST] The full article is as follows: While the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has allowed mutual funds to offer products under the New Asset Class category with strategies that fund houses were not permitted earlier, industry sources believe that the distribution part of the segment needs to be worked upon. Mutual fund managers say that since mutual fund distributors are unfamiliar with these complex products, they may need to pass new certification exams or undergo specialized training to sell them effectively. As the product details emerge, industry players are expected to urge industry body AMFI to provide clear guidelines and additional resources to help distributors sell these products. “To sell strategies like inverse ETFs and long-short funds, it's essential that distributors fully understand them first. At an industry level, there is a need for additional certification for distributors handling these products,” said Gaurab Parija, Head of Sales and Marketing at Bandhan Mutual Fund. Currently, any entity wanting to become a PMS distributor must appear for an XXI exam conducted by the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) – the nodal body for various certifications mandatory for market participants. Meanwhile, mutual fund distributors have to give NISM VA exam. &quot;Once the New Asset Class regulations are finalised, we will conduct multiple sessions to educate distributors about it,” said D.P. Singh, Deputy Managing Director &amp;amp; Joint CEO at SBI Mutual Fund. However, the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI), the umbrella body of mutual funds, is not currently considering a separate examination for distributors. “We are not considering a separate examination for distributors at this time, as we assume that investors with a minimum investment of Rs 10 lakh will have an adequate understanding of the associated risks with the New Asset Class,” said Venkat Chalasani, Chief Executive Officer of AMFI on sidelines of Cafemutual Confluence held in Mumbai. He, however, said that the distributors will have to give proper disclosures and build scenario analysis to understand the outcome of a particular strategy. On September 30, the SEBI board gave its final go-ahead for the New Asset Class. The minimum ticket size for the new asset class is pegged at Rs 10 lakh per investor across all investment strategies. In July this year, SEBI had released a consultation paper asking the industry for feedback to launch a new asset class that could be targeted at investors looking at something between a PMS and a mutual fund product and with a higher investable amount and risk appetite. More importantly, this new asset class aims to reduce the proliferation of unregistered and unauthorised investment schemes which often promise unrealistic high returns and exploit investors’ expectations for better yields by providing a regulated product, the SEBI consultation paper on the new asset class had stated.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: HUL, Escorts Kubota, NLC India, Nuvoco Vistas, AU SFB, VIP Industries, Thyrocare, Dr Lal PathLabs in focus on Thursday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today ITC, IndusInd Bank, NTPC, ACC, JSW Energy, Colgate-Palmolive, Godrej Consumer Products, Aarti Drugs, Adani Total Gas, Adani Wilmar, Bikaji Foods International, Castrol India, Chalet Hotels, Coromandel International, CSB Bank, Cyient, DCB Bank, Diffusion Engineers, Dixon Technologies, GMR Airports Infrastructure, Go Digit General Insurance, Indian Energy Exchange, Mahanagar Gas, Nippon Life India Asset Management, Patanjali Foods, Petronet LNG, PNB Housing Finance, Tata Teleservices, United Breweries, Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, and Westlife Foodworld will announce quarterly earnings on October 24. Quarterly Earnings Hindustan Unilever Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit declines 3.9% to Rs 2,612 crore Vs Rs 2,717 crore Revenue rises 1.5% to Rs 15,508 crore Vs Rs 15,276 crore EBITDA falls 1.3% to Rs 3,647 crore Vs Rs 3,694 crore Margin drops 70 bps to 23.5% Vs 24.2% Volume growth at 3% Company declares interim dividend of Rs 29 per share Sona BLW Precision Forgings Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 15.7% to Rs 143.6 crore Vs Rs 124.06 crore Revenue jumps 17.1% to Rs 922.2 crore Vs Rs 787.5 crore EBITDA grows 14.7% to Rs 252.3 crore Vs Rs 220 crore Margin declines to 27.4% Vs 27.9% Thyrocare Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 29% to Rs 26.4 crore Vs Rs 20.4 crore Revenue increases 20% to Rs 177.4 crore Vs Rs 148 crore EBITDA jumps 28% to Rs 48.2 crore Vs Rs 37.6 crore Margin expands 200 bps to 27% Vs 25% Dr Lal PathLabs Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 18.2% to Rs 131 crore Vs Rs 111 crore Revenue increases 9.8% to Rs 660 crore Vs Rs 601 crore EBITDA jumps 13.9% to Rs 202 crore Vs Rs 178 crore Margin rises 110 bps to 30.7% Vs 29.6% Interim Dividend at Rs 6 per share for FY25 Birlasoft Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit falls 15.1% to Rs 127.5 crore Vs Rs 150.2 crore Revenue rises 3.07% to Rs 1,368.2 crore Vs Rs 1,327.4 crore Birla Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 25.2 crore Vs profit of Rs 58.4 crore Revenue declines 14.5% to Rs 1,952.6 crore Vs Rs 2,284.3 crore VIP Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 33 crore Vs profit of Rs 13.3 crore Revenue drops 0.3% to Rs 544.3 crore Vs Rs 546.1 crore AU Small Finance Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit surges 42.2% to Rs 571.2 crore Vs Rs 401.8 crore Revenue jumps 58.1% to Rs 1,974.4 crore Vs Rs 1,249 crore Gross NPA rises to 1.98% Vs 1.78% (QoQ) Net NPA increases to 0.75% Vs 0.63% (QoQ) Fedbank Financial Services Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 12% to Rs 64.6 crore Vs Rs 57.8 crore Net interest income jumps 28% to Rs 264.9 crore Vs Rs 207.3 crore Karnataka Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 1.8% to Rs 336 crore Vs Rs 330 crore Net interest income increases 1.4% to Rs 834 crore Vs Rs 822 crore Gross NPA falls 33 bps to 3.21% Vs 3.54% (QoQ) Net NPA declines 20 bps to 1.46% Vs 1.66% (QoQ) MAS Financial Services Q2 (YoY) Profit zooms 27.6% to Rs 76.6 crore Vs Rs 60 crore Net interest income grows 27.4% to Rs 191.6 crore Vs Rs 150.4 crore Navin Fluorine International Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 3% to Rs 58.8 crore Vs Rs 60.6 crore Revenue grows 9.9% to Rs 518.6 crore Vs Rs 471.8 crore EBITDA jumps 9.1% to Rs 107.4 crore Vs Rs 98.3 crore Margin falls to 20.7% Vs 20.9% Schaeffler India Q3 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 1.6% to Rs 236.4 crore Vs Rs 232.8 crore Revenue jumps 14.2% to Rs 2,116.4 crore Vs Rs 1,853.6 crore Piramal Pharma Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 350% to Rs 23 crore Vs Rs 5 crore Revenue grows 17% to Rs 2,242 crore Vs Rs 1,911 crore Piramal Enterprises Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit zooms 238% to Rs 163 crore Vs Rs 48 crore Net interest income grows 17% to Rs 881 crore Vs Rs 750 crore Exceptional gain at Rs 77 crore Vs exceptional loss Rs 64 crore Pidilite Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 17.8% to Rs 540.3 crore Vs Rs 458.5 crore Revenue grows 5.2% to Rs 3,234.9 crore Vs Rs 3,076 crore Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 85.2 crore Vs profit at Rs 1.5 crore Revenue falls 11.8% to Rs 2,268.6 crore Vs Rs 2,573 crore IIFL Finance Q2 (Standalone YoY) Loss stands at Rs 441.3 crore Vs profit of Rs 136.7 crore Net interest income drops 8.2% to Rs 596.4 crore Vs Rs 649.5 crore United Spirits Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 0.6% to Rs 341 crore Vs Rs 339 crore Revenue falls 0.9% to Rs 2,844 crore Vs Rs 2,869 crore Stocks To Watch Escorts Kubota The company has entered into a Business Transfer Agreement with Sona BLW Precision Forgings (Sona Comstar) for transferring the existing railway equipment business division (RED) as a going concern, on a slump sale basis, for Rs 1,600 crore. This aligns with the company's strategic focus on the agri and construction equipment sectors. Infosys The digital services and consulting company unveiled its new and expanded Living Labs to help clients accelerate innovation and leverage emerging technologies for future-proofing their businesses. It also announced a collaboration with the University of Cambridge to establish a new AI Lab in London. Additionally, the company strengthened its collaboration with Meta to drive innovation in generative AI through open-source initiatives. NLC India The company has signed a Joint Venture Agreement with Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam for setting up a 3x125 MW lignite-based thermal power station in Rajasthan. It will also develop the mines to meet the fuel requirements of the thermal power station. Additionally, its subsidiary, NLC India Renewables, has signed a Joint Venture Agreement with Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam for developing 2,000 MW of renewable power projects in Rajasthan. Signature Global The company has executed a Sale Deed to sell its property in Haryana State Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation at Udhyog Vihar, Phase-V, Gurugram, to Culture Holidays India for Rs 25.5 crore. Mahindra and Mahindra The automobile company has inaugurated its two development test facilities: the Mahindra Passive Safety Lab and the Battery &amp;amp; Cell Research Lab, in Chennai. Kalpataru Projects International The Board will meet on October 28 to consider the company's unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and half-year ended September 2024, as well as a proposal for raising funds via Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP). Mankind Pharma The company and its subsidiary, Appian Properties, have completed the acquisition of a 100% stake in Bharat Serums and Vaccines for Rs 13,768 crore. Post-acquisition, Bharat Serums and Vaccines has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. Adani Power The Board will meet on October 28 to consider raising funds of up to Rs 5,000 crore via public issue and/or private placement of non-convertible debentures (NCDs) in one or more tranches. Titan Company The Board has appointed PB Balaji as Nominee Director of Tata Sons on the board of the company, effective October 28. Bulk Deals Crest Ventures Capri Global Holdings has acquired a 0.52% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 470 per share. Foods &amp;amp; Inns Ambit Investment Advisors has bought a 0.52% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 131.44 per share. Krishca Strapping Solutions Mavira Growth Opportunities Fund bought a 1.04% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 355.39 per share. SME Listing on October 24 Freshara Agro Exports Stock Turns Ex-Dividend Tips Music Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Rights Diligent Industries, Mercury Trade Links Stock Trades Ex-Date for Resolution Plan -Suspension Steelco Gujarat F&amp;amp;O Ban NMDC, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Birlasoft, GNFC, Indian Energy Exchange, IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, Piramal Enterprises, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade TCS, HCL Tech, PG Electroplast, Voltas, Mphasis and others on Thursday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices remained in negative terrain with moderate losses amid volatility on October 23, continuing the downtrend for the third consecutive session, despite a positive market breadth. About 1,461 shares gained against 1,039 shares that fell on the NSE. The market is expected to sustain its downtrend amid consolidation, with a &quot;sell on rally&quot; strategy. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Jatin Gedia, Technical Research Analyst, Capital Market Strategy at Sharekhan Tata Consultancy Services | CMP: Rs 4,066 TCS has completed a five-wave decline on the downside. We expect a retracement of this fall. The stock has formed a Bullish Engulfing candlestick pattern on the daily charts, which has bullish implications. A positive divergence on the daily momentum indicator suggests a loss of selling momentum on the downside. One can go long. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,223, Rs 4,293 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,020 Voltas | CMP: Rs 1,795.65 Voltas has retraced 61.82 percent of the previous five-wave decline and has resumed its next leg of the fall. The daily momentum indicator has triggered a negative crossover, which is a sell signal. Thus, one can go short on the stock. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 1,712 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,838 Vidnyan S Sawant, Head of Research at GEPL Capital HCL Technologies | CMP: Rs 1,845.75 HCL Technologies has demonstrated a strong and consistent price structure on the weekly chart, particularly following a key change of polarity in June 2024. Since then, the stock has maintained its upward trajectory despite broader market volatility, showcasing high relative strength compared to its peers. On the technical front, HCL Technologies remains positioned above all major moving averages, including the 12, 26, 50, 100, and 200 EMAs (Exponential Moving Averages), underscoring its bullish momentum. The MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) indicator is also trending higher, reflecting sustained buying interest and reinforcing the stock’s positive outlook. This technical alignment suggests that HCL Technologies is well-poised for further gains. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 2,155, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 1,694 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,155 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,694 PG Electroplast | CMP: Rs 585.8 PG Electroplast has exhibited a solid price structure across higher timeframes, consistently maintaining its upward trajectory. In the recent week, the stock found key support at its 12-week moving average, indicating a potential bullish mean reversion. This suggests the stock is regaining strength and is poised for further upside. Additionally, other key moving averages, including the 26, 50, 100, and 200-week EMAs, are all trending higher on the weekly scale, further reinforcing the bullish momentum. The MACD momentum indicator also shows a steady upward trend, confirming that the stock's positive price action is backed by strong, underlying momentum. This technical setup suggests PG Electroplast is well-positioned for continued growth in the coming weeks. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside target of Rs 704, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 540 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 704 Stop-Loss: Rs 540 Skipper | CMP: Rs 540 Since 2022, Skipper has been in a persistent upward trend, showcasing strong bullish momentum. On the weekly scale, the stock retested a key multi-year breakout level in March 2024, and since then, it has consistently formed higher tops and higher bottoms, a hallmark of a healthy uptrend. Skipper has also maintained its position above critical moving averages, including the 12, 26, 50, 100, and 200-week EMAs, further reinforcing the strength of its upward trajectory. The MACD indicator is trending higher, signaling strong underlying momentum, which confirms that the price action is well-supported. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside potential target of Rs 645, with a stop-loss at Rs 494 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 645 Stop-Loss: Rs 494 Century Plyboards | CMP: Rs 879 Century Plyboards has been in a steady uptrend since March 2023, with any minor dips consistently finding support around the 12-EMA and 26-EMA. This buying activity at key levels has helped the stock form a series of higher highs and higher lows, further affirming its strong upward trajectory. Technical strength suggests Century Plyboards is well-positioned to continue its upward movement in the near term. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 1,072, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 815 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,072 Stop-Loss: Rs 815 Shitij Gandhi, Senior Technical Research Analyst at SMC Global Securities Mphasis | CMP: Rs 3,119.85 Mphasis has been maintaining its bullish momentum and has seen the formation of a higher bottom pattern. Recently, after marking its 52-week high of Rs 3,187.80 in September, the stock experienced a series of profit booking and retraced back towards the Rs 2,850 level. However, the stock managed to find support there and has once again resumed its uptrend. Technically, the stock has given a fresh breakout above the symmetrical triangle pattern on the daily charts and is on the verge of a fresh breakout above its 52-week high level as well. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 3,100-3,120 for the expected upside of Rs 3,600-3,650. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,600, Rs 3,650 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,800 Tube Investments of India | CMP: Rs 4,635 For the last two to three months, Tube Investments of India has been consolidating in the range of Rs 4,000-4,600, with prices fluctuating within a broader range and sustaining well above its 200-day EMA. This week, a fresh breakout has been observed above the consolidation phase as the stock has picked up fresh bullish momentum above its key resistance level of Rs 4,600 after a prolonged consolidation phase. The positive divergences in secondary oscillators, along with a rise in average volume and positive price action, suggest further upward movement in the stock. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 4,600-4,650. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,400, Rs 5,500 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,100. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bulk Deals: Capri Global buys 0.53% stake in Crest Ventures [/INST] The full article is as follows: Capri Global Holdings Private Limited bought 1.5 lakh shares or a 0.53 percent stake in Crest Ventures for an average price of 470 per share. Crest Ventures shares closed at Rs 472, slightly down 0.41 percent on the NSE. Ambit investment advisors purchased 3.8 lakh shares of Foods &amp;amp; Inns at a price of Rs 131.44 per share. Mavira growth opportunity fund acquired 1.48 lakh shares or a 1.04 percent stake Krishca strapping solutions for an average price of Rs 355.39 per share. The shares of Krishca Strapping Solutions closed lower at 358.10 per share after locking in the lower circuit at Rs 360.30. The shares of Krishca strapping have delivered at return of 203 percent in a period of one month.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Market extend losses; Nifty below 24,450, Sensex down 139 pts [/INST] The full article is as follows: The final hour selling pressure erased all the intraday gains to end on a negative note in the volatile session on October 23 despite broader indices outperformance. At close, the Sensex was down 138.74 points or 0.17 percent at 80,081.98, and the Nifty was down 36.60 points or 0.15 percent at 24,435.50. On the back of mixed global cues, the Indian indices opened on a negative note with Nifty below 24400, but buying at lower levels erased all the losses in the initial hour and traded in positive territory. However, final hour selling dragged the Nifty below 24,450. Bajaj Finance, Bajaj Auto, Tech Mahindra, HCL Tech, Tata Consumer were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers included M&amp;amp;M, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Power Grid Corp and Shriram Finance. The BSE Midcap index up 0.5 percent and Smallcap indices up 1 percent. Among the sectors, IT index up more than 2 percent, while capital goods, power, pharma down 1 percent each. More than 120 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Amber Enterprises, Coforge, Deepak Fertilisers, Firstsource Solutions, Indigo Paints, Max Financial, MCX India, Persistent Systems, Suven Pharma, Tube Investment, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 160 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Anupam Rasayan, Birla Corp, Capri Global, CreditAccess Grameen, Easy Trip Planners, IDFC First Bank, IndusInd Bank, Nestle, Rajesh Exports, RBL Bank, Relaxo Footwear, Sheela Foam, Tanla Platforms, TCI Express, Trident, Vodafone Idea, Zee Entertainment, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 24 Shrikant Chouhan, Head of Equity Research, Kotak Securities: Today, the benchmark indices witnessed a volatile trading session, after a roller coaster intraday activity the Nifty ends 36 points lower while the Sensex was down by 120 points. Among Sectors, IT index was the top gainer, rallied 2.5 percent whereas Healthcare and Pharma indices shed over 1.5 percent. Technically, after weak opening market bounce back sharply but one more time it witnessed selling pressure at higher levels. The intraday market texture is weak but oversold hence, we could expect one quick pullback rally if the market succeeds to trade above 24600/80500. Above the same, it could bounce back till 24650-24700/80700-80900. On the other side, below 24380/79900 the selling pressure is likely to accelerate. Below which, the market could slip till 24300-24250/79600-79400. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap down and witnessed a volatile day of trade today. It swung in both directions and ultimately closed in the negative down ~37 points. The Nifty pulled back however it was sold into indicating inability to hold at higher levels. Daily as well as hourly momentum indicator has a negative crossover which is a sell signal. Thus, considering the price and momentum indicator we expect the rangebound price action to continue. The range is likely to be 24400 – 24750. Sell on rallies to 24680 – 24750 is the preferred trading strategy for target of 24200 – 24000. Bank Nifty witnessed subdued price action. The overall trend remains negative and we expect the pressure to persist from short term perspective. We expect Bank Nifty to drift lower towards 50500 from short term perspective. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares: The selling spree continued in the Mid and Smallcap segments which dragged the Index lower in the opening trade but due to an extremely oversold condition in the broader markets, swift recovery was seen across the board where the IT sector was the major contributor; however, the higher level did not sustain for long and the Index settled the trade at 24,435.50 with a loss of 36.60 points. Broader markets outperformed Nifty50 as Mid and Smallcaps surged by 0.64% &amp;amp; 1.25% respectively. As indicated yesterday, Nifty50 took the support at the zone of 24,370-24,430 and it will continue to serve as a support zone while on the higher, 24,670 will be considered as immediate resistance.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks that moved the most on October 23 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity indices ended lower on October 23 following a volatile session. At close, the Sensex was down 138.74 points or 0.17 percent at 80,081.98, and the Nifty was down 37.90 points or 0.15 percent at 24,434.20. About 2,117 shares advanced, 1,647 declined, and 99 were unchanged. Firstsource Solutions | CMP: Rs 339.10 | The stock jumped 9 percent after the company announced plans to build a domain-centric large language model (LLM) specifically for the U.S. mortgage sector. This move, under its Firstsource relAI suite, aims to leverage its expertise in the mortgage process, enhancing services with AI-driven capabilities like credit assessments, loan quality checks, and document digitization. Amber Enterprises | CMP: Rs 6,320 | Shares of the company zoomed 11 percent. The buying in the stock came after the company's board approved a scheme of amalgamation between AmberPR Technoplast India and Amber Enterprises, apart from reporting robust number in its Q2FY25 results. Persistent Systems | CMP: Rs 5,722.7 | Shares of the mid-tier IT services firm jumped as much as 11 percent after it reported a 23.4 percent YoY increase in net profit at Rs 325 crore for Q2FY25. The IT firm’s revenue from operations surged 20.1 percent YoY to Rs 2,897 crore. The strong financial performance has caught the attention of several brokerages, leading to optimistic forecasts and buy recommendations. Coforge | CMP: Rs 7,555.4 | Shares of the company 11 percent after the IT solutions provider reported that its net profit rose 35.6 percent YoY to Rs 255.2 crore, while the revenue jumped 33 percent YoY to Rs 3,062.3 crore in the quarter ended on September 2024, which bolstered investor sentiment. The company's order intake for the quarter stood at $516 million, marking the eleventh consecutive quarter of more than $300 million order intake. Paytm | CMP: Rs 738.20 | Shares of the company gained over 7.5 percent as it received a nod from the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) to on-board new UPI users, nearly nine months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) placed an embargo on the addition of new customers. The nod to on-board new users may lead to an increase in UPI transaction volumes. This follows the company's announcement on October 21 that it recorded a net profit of Rs 930 crore in Q2FY25 on account of a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore from the sale of its movie ticketing business to Zomato. Hyundai Motor India | CMP Rs 1,900 | Shares rose 4 percent to Rs 1,929, following its muted market debut on Tuesday. Despite mounting concerns about the automobile sector's demand slowdown, a host of analysts are bullish on Hyundai. Motilal Oswal has set a target of Rs 2,345 for the stock, emphasizing its diverse product range across the mid-segment, SUV, and premium categories. PNC Infratech | CMP: Rs 333.95 | Shares of the company fell over 2 percent, extending their losses for the third session after the Ministry of Road Transport &amp;amp; Highways disqualified the company and its two subsidiaries from participating in any of the ministry's tenders. In an exchange filing, PNC Infratech stated that it has been barred from tender processes for one year, effective October 18, 2024. Chennai Petroleum | CMP: Rs 785.95 | Shares of the company tumbled 10 percent after petroleum refineries reported a standalone net loss of Rs 629.5 crore in Q2FY25 as against a net profit of Rs 1,190.56 crore a year ago. However, revenue from operations fell 27 percent to Rs 12,086.54 crore in the quarter ended 30 September 2024 from Rs 16,544.56 crore recorded in the corresponding quarter previous year. M&amp;amp;M Finance | CMP: Rs 267 | Shares of Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra Financial Services (M&amp;amp;M Finance) shares fell 5.2 percent after the company reported weak Q2FY25 results. For the second quarter, the company reported a net profit of Rs 369 crore as compared to Rs 235 crore a year ago, implying a rise of 57 percent YoY. Its total income rose by 19 percent YoY to Rs 1,991 crore. Gujarat Fluorochemicals | CMP: Rs 4,388 | The stock fell 6.8 percent. The fall coincided with GFCL EV - a subsidiary of Gujarat Fluorochemicals (GFL)raising Rs 1,000 crore from investors at an equity valuation of around Rs 25,000 crore. Promoters INOXGFL Group led the fund raise along with several marquee investors, including family offices of largest business groups, said GFL. The funds will be used for capacity expansion, and to capitalize on global opportunities in the electric vehicles space, as well as for energy storage systems (ESS).. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Rossari Biotech; target of Rs 1034: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Rossari Biotech Rossari Biotech reported lower than expected topline and bottom line Q2FY25 due to softer HPPC growth and material weakness in TSC segment. Despite these pressures , it posted 3.1%/12%/3.2%/7.2% revenue /GP/EBITDA/PAT growth on YOY basis led by heathy export growth in the HPPC segment. The strong GP growth did not percolate down to similar EBITDA growth as higher employee cost and increased other expenses led to lower cost absorption amid softer revenue growth. We believe the long term growth potential remains in place with strong export opportunity, recovery in domestic market and capacity addition alleviating the concerns on supply constraints. However, we have reduced our FY25E/FY26E EPS estimates by -10%/-6% post the Q2FY25 results given the prevalent issue on domestic HPPC and external TSC market. Outlook However, we believe that the capacity addition in ethoxylation and specialty chemical space in HPPC should aid to topline/PAT growth. Consequently, we maintain our BUY rating with a P/E multiple of 31x (Earlier: 29x) on FY26E EPS of INR 33.4 (25x PE on FY27 EPS) with a target price of INR 1,034 implying an upside of 31.4% from the CMP 787. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Shriram Finance Q2 preview: NII, profit to grow 18% YoY each, led by strong AUM growth [/INST] The full article is as follows: Latest Nifty 50 entrant Shriram Finance is scheduled to release its September quarter scorecard on October 25. The retail non-bank lender is expected to clock strong net interest income (NII) and profit growth in Q2, backed by strong disbursements and loan growth, said analysts. According to Moneycontrol poll of five brokerage estimates, Shriram Finance's NII is expected to rise 18 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 5,430 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 4,594 crore in the year-ago period. Profit is also likely to rise with the same tandem, up 18.6 percent YoY to Rs 2,077 crore in Q2FY25 versus 1,750 crore in Q2FY24. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy AUM growth: Emkay Global analysts forecasted 20 percent YoY growth in AUM to Rs 2.4 lakh crore in Q2FY25, as compared to Rs 2 lakh crore in the year-ago period. Limited margin contraction: Shriram Finance's margins are likely to contract by 37 basis points YoY to 9.5 percent in Q2FY25 from 10 percent in Q2FY24. However, it is expected to expand 6 bps sequentially from 9.57 percent a quarter back. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Commentaries on loan growth in CV and on asset quality in 2-wheeler and PL segments are the key monitorables in Shriram Finance's Q2 report card. Over the July-September period, shares of Shriram Finance surged 23 percent, significantly beating benchmark Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 9500: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bajaj Finance Overall operating performance was in line however higher credit (2.1% versus 1.9% q-o-q) was a key dampener resulting in muted earnings growth. Management guided that credit cost has probably peaked in Q2 as bounce rates are lower and additions to stage2/stage3 have moderated q-o-q, which is a key positive although overall credit cost guidance has been increased to 2.05% vs earlier of 1.75-1.85% for FY25. The company is reasonably confident that earnings growth is expected to gradually converge with asset growth, led by moderation in credit costs and stable NIMs in FY26 and outlook for H2FY25 is better than H1. Outlook At CMP, the stock trades at 4.2x/3.5x/3.0x FY2025E/FY2026E/ BV estimates. We retain our Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 9,500 as risk-reward is attractive. Underperformance could reverse as outlook gradually improves led by receding headwinds. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Persistent Systems; target of Rs 6200: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Persistent Systems Company reported $345.5 million in revenues, up 5.1% q-o-q in CC terms beating our estimates of $342 million. EBIT margins were flat q-o-q at 14% slightly beating our estimates of 13.9%. The company’s total TCVs stood at $529 million, up14% q-o-q/10%y-o-y. Persistent reiterated its aspiration to achieve $ 2 billion revenue target by FY27. Management would endeavour to maintain utilisation at 83-85%. Outlook We maintain Buy on the stock with unchanged PT of Rs 6,200 (valuing at 50x Sep-26E EPS). At the CMP, the stock trades at 57.4/45/37.5x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Zomato; target of Rs 300: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Zomato In Q2FY25, Zomato sustained &amp;gt;20% YoY GOV growth in food delivery. Gross take rate declined 20bps QoQ. We believe this was due to higher proportion of ‘zero delivery fee’ orders. However, net take rate remained flattish at 21.5% (I-sec est), as Zomato continued to expand its restaurant base (up 5.8% QoQ). Corporate overheads grew 8.9% QoQ as management invested in marketing. In quick commerce, store expansion was front-ended in Q2FY25, at 152 new stores (full-year guidance remains unchanged). Notably, AOV expanded further to INR 660, up 5.6% QoQ due to seasonality (rains) and assortment expansion. Gross take rate declined ~30bps QoQ due to addition of newer stores. Zomato’s board has approved a fund raise of up to USD 1bn, to be used to strengthen their balance sheet, as per management. Outlook We maintain BUY on the stock with a three-stage DCF-based target price of INR 300. Zomato remains our top pick in the Indian internet space. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Varun Beverages; target of Rs 606: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Varun Beverages Takeaways: (1) Varun (VBL) has aggressively ramped up production (operating at maximum utilisation) at its recentlycommissioned DRC facility, due to strong demand. It plans to scale up production capacity at DRC in a phased manner (2x by Aug’25). (2) Unfavourable weather hurt domestic volumes (+5.7% YoY). (3) VBL is streamlining operations in its Africa business – better operational efficiency potential. BevCo is registering better volumes amid a seasonally weak period; upcoming peak season may register higher volume growth. (4) VBL sees potential to register sales of INR 8– 8.5bn from the three plants proposed for its snack business. (5) Proposed fund raise could be utilised for: (i) debt reduction, (ii) expansion into newer territories, and (iii) inorganic acquisitions. We remain positive on VBL’s strong business outlook, but its current valuations seem stretched. Outlook Maintain HOLD with a DCF-based unchanged TP of INR 606 (adjusted for the 2:5 stock split; implied P/E of 62/49x CY25/26E). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Multi Commodity Exchange of India; target of Rs 6670: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Multi Commodity Exchange of India MCX’s Q2FY25 results exhibit three main trends: 1) consolidating on the new steady cost profile; 2) Healthy volumes across futures, options and premium conversions. 3) Growth in option participation. We indicated upside risk to earnings from volume surges, basis commodity volatility in our previous note (link), and it played out on these lines in Q1/Q2FY25. To adequately capture this higher-thanexpected volume growth potential on earnings, we now roll over to FY27. However, we believe our FY26/27E PAT of ~INR 7.3/8.8bn captures reasonable volume growth outlook well. Maintain HOLD. Upside risk may arise if commodity option trading continues to receive traction akin to equity, whereas downside risk may stem from reduced volatility-driven dip in volumes. Refer Exhibits 2 and 3 for scenario analysis of earnings to volume drivers. Outlook Basis our revised target price of INR 6,670, MCX is trading at 45.2x FY26E P/E and 49.6x FY26E core P/E (ex-other income). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Supreme Industries; target of Rs 4457: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Supreme Industries In Q2FY25, Supreme Industries (SI) reported disappointing operational performance. Blended plastic volume was flat YoY with pipes volume being flat too YoY (-27.1% QoQ; 5-year CAGR of 8.6%). As per management, volumes were tepid in Q2 due to PVC price volatility, adverse weather and low infra spending. Blended EBIT/kg contracted 18.9% YoY (on high base) to INR 17.1 (-3.6% QoQ), as pipes EBIT/kg fell 24.5% YoY to INR14.7 (-10.9% QoQ) due to inventory loss of INR 350–400mn (adj. EBIT/kg of INR 18.1-18.6). Management cut its pipe volume guidance to 16–18% (from 25%) for FY25. Outlook We cut our FY25–27E EBIDTA by ~8%-10% but upgrade the stock to HOLD (from Reduce) due to a ~21% price correction in the past three months with a rolled-over SoTP-based TP of INR 4,457 (earlier INR 4,905) set at an unchanged core business target P/E of 39x P/E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Mahindra Logistics; target of Rs 420: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Mahindra Logistics Mahindra Logistics Limited’s (MLL) Q2FY25 EBITDA performance undershot our/consensus estimates by 6.2%/23.6%. Key points: 1) Network services, which is ~18% of overall business, grew 46.1% YoY while 3PL grew by 6.8%. 2) Gross margins improved for network services; however, it has declined to 10.4% in 3PL (11% in Q1FY25) due to unabsorbed white space (~1.1mn sq.ft.) and addition of contractual manpower for peak season. 3) MLL shall infuse INR 500mn to support the cash burn at Rivigo; it needs ~35–40% volumes growth to achieve EBITDA break even, and target to become EBITDA positive by Q4FY25, which seems daunting. Outlook Given the H1FY25 performance, we reduce our FY25E/FY26E EPS by 61.5%/6.8% and maintain REDUCE with a revised target price of INR 420 (earlier INR 450). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hyundai Share Price: Hyundai Motor India stock rebounds 6% following a weak debut, brokerages bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hyundai Motor India rose 6 percent to Rs 1,929 in the afternoon on October 23, following its market debut. However, the biggest IPO in India disappointed investors, as it listed at a discount and closed more than 7 percent lower. Despite mounting concerns about the automobile sector's demand slowdown, a host of analysts are bullish on Hyundai as they see major support levers for the future. At about 1:15 pm, shares were trading at Rs 1,911, higher by 5 percent from the last close on the NSE. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Motilal Oswal has set a target of Rs 2,345 for Hyundai Motor, emphasizing its diverse product range across the mid-segment, SUV, and premium categories. As the second-largest car exporter, HMIL has achieved a 25 percent CAGR in export revenue, with exports expected to drive future growth. The firm projects an export volume CAGR of 11 percent over FY25-27. Although FY25 may be a moderate year for the automotive industry, the company is positioned for an 8 percent volume CAGR over the next two years, with a 17 percent earnings CAGR over FY25-27E. Motilal Oswal Research has given Hyundai a slight premium over its close competitor Maruti Suzuki, citing Hyundai’s strength in emerging technologies and superior financial metrics. International brokerage Nomura also a 'buy' call on the newly-listed entity. It highlighted the company's focus on style and technology. The ongoing premiumization is expected to drive high-quality growth, with the company projected to deliver an 8 percent volume CAGR over FY25-27, supported by the launch of 7-8 new models, including facelifts. Nomura anticipates EBITDA margins to improve to 14 percent by FY27, driven by a better product mix, cost reduction, and operating leverage. Overall, Hyundai is expected to deliver a 17 percent earnings CAGR over FY25-27.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Persistent Systems; target of Rs 6140: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Persistent Systems Persistent Systems (PSYS) reported a strong quarter on all fronts – 1) revenue; 2) deal TCV; and 3) margins. The company can address a key investor concern of its ability to improve margins in FY26 given one-off gains in FY25 led by levers of – 1) slower pace of sales and marketing investments; 2) pricing and right shoring; and 3) growing revenue share from higher-margin platform-based services. We largely maintain our FY26–27E EPS and increase our FY25 estimate by ~3%, factoring in the beat in Q2. Outlook We continue to value the stock at 51x on Q2FY26E to Q1FY27E EPS of INR 121 to arrive at a TP of INR 6,140 with a potential upside of ~19%. We upgrade PSYS to BUY (from Add) given the recent correction in its stock price. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gravita India; target of Rs 3265: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Gravita India Gravita India’s (GRAV) Q2FY25 performance was in line with our estimates. Key points: 1) Production volume rose 7.7% YoY aided by Lead (Pb), growing at 8.7% YoY. 2) Profitability was aided by LME-MCX arbitrage. 3) Capex plans largely on track with H1FY25 capex at INR 270mn. 4) Net debt/EBITDA was at 1.5x, as on end-Sep’24, compared to 1.6x at end-FY24. Management has maintained its long-term strategic growth and returns roadmap. In the near term, it expects regulatory tailwinds – reverse charge mechanism (RCM) and enhanced producer responsibility (EPR) – to aid scrap collection in the domestic market and ensure a level-playing field. Outlook We maintain BUY on GRAV with a DCF-based unchanged TP of INR 3,265. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Indus Tower; target of Rs 280: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Indus Tower Indus Towers’ (Indus) Q2FY25 performance was good on two counts: 1) stable net tenancy addition at 4,308 with some benefit already showing from VIL/BSNL rollout; and 2) strong cash collection, including INR 10.8bn collected towards past overdue. Indus has also seen a rise in rental/tenant, reflecting the benefit of rising 5G loading, and lower drag from renewals. VIL should embark on a capex cycle, which will likely provide opportunity for tenancy growth for Indus immediately; and Indus is prepared for increased competitive intensity or price pressure. Outlook We have baked in dominant incremental tenancy share for Indus in the VIL rollout, which remains unchanged; but our DCF-based target price has increased to INR 280 (from INR 270), factoring in buy back. Maintain SELL, as risk-reward is still unfavourable. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sonata Software surges 5% on securing multi-year AI deal from Fortune 500 company [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sonata Software’s stock surged 5 percent to Rs 613 on October 23 after the company secured a significant multi-year managed services contract from a Fortune 500 manufacturing giant. The partnership will focus on deploying an AI-driven, scalable operational framework to accelerate the client's global expansion and digital transformation. Through this long-term agreement, Sonata Software will assist the manufacturing leader in modernising its operations and delivering a seamless, unified user experience at scale. The collaboration leverages AI-powered solutions and industry best practices to enhance operational efficiency, ensuring both productivity gains and a strong return on investment. The Fortune 500 client, known for developing innovative packaging solutions aligned with the principles of the circular economy, has also expanded its footprint over the years through multiple acquisitions. “We are excited to offer our comprehensive Cloud and infrastructure expertise to provide the client with a tailored full-stack ITSM solution,” said Anthony Lange, Chief Revenue Officer at Sonata Software. ALSO READ: Accumulate Sonata Software; target of Rs 694: KR Choksey Sonata Software offers a range of IT services and software solutions to clients worldwide. Its services include cloud and data modernisation, Microsoft Dynamics modernisation, digital contact centre setup and management, managed cloud services, digital transformation, business app modernisation, platformation consulting, and data analytics. According to analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher, Sonata’s FY25 revenue growth is projected to be in the low double digits, with key sectors like Technology, Media, and Telecom (TMT), Banking &amp;amp; Financial Services (BFSI), and Healthcare driving recovery. However, retail demand is expected to remain subdued for the next few quarters. Out of seven brokerages covering the stock, five have issued a ‘buy’ rating, with two recommending a ‘hold.’. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages bump up Bajaj Finance target price on strong Q2, predict up to 41% upside potential [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bajaj Finance’s robust September quarter results ignited investor enthusiasm, propelling its shares 6 percent higher and securing the top spot on the Nifty 50 charts. Brokerages have responded positively, revising target prices upward with some projecting a potential upside of up to 41 percent from the day's high. Strong tech initiatives, comfortable capital position, and attractive valuations are some of the re-rating drivers going ahead, said analysts. Phillip Capital reiterated a 'buy' call on Bajaj Finance and put out target price at Rs 10,000 per share. The firm expressed confidence in Bajaj Finance’s growth trajectory, projecting over 30 percent annual growth in FY25, FY26, and FY27. Analysts are particularly upbeat about the company's new tech initiatives, which they believe will enhance customer loyalty and accelerate growth. HDFC Securities also maintained a bullish outlook, setting a target price of Rs 8,600 per share. While acknowledging near-term concerns around asset quality, the brokerage expects Bajaj Finance to achieve a 23 percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in assets under management (AUM) over the medium term. The addition of new business segments, coupled with a steady focus on profitability, positions the lender for sustained momentum. ALSO READ: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 7905: Anand Rathi Jefferies joined the bullish chorus, assigning a 'buy' rating with a target of Rs 8,400 per share. The firm highlighted that valuations remain attractive, with Bajaj Finance trading at 3.8x FY26 price-to-book (PB) ratio and 20x price-to-earnings (PE) ratio—levels it considers reasonable for the growth potential on offer. Bajaj Finance reported a mixed bag of results for Q2FY25. While loan book growth surged 29 percent year-over-year, and operational efficiency improved, elevated credit costs dampened some of the optimism. Asset quality showed signs of strain, with higher forward flow rates across several segments, prompting the management to increase FY25 credit cost guidance by 20-30 basis points. In response to the asset quality challenges, the management has shifted its focus towards tightening risk controls. However, the company reassured investors that borrowing costs are likely to have peaked, hinting at stable margins in the coming quarters. Bajaj Finance is also optimistic about delivering 26-28 percent growth in FY25, driven by newly launched secured lending businesses. Additionally, the lender expects a 10-15 basis point expansion in net interest margins (NIM) during the second half of FY25, aided by a 15-20 basis point reduction in the cost of funds.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RITES stock edges higher on securing Rs 454-crore turnkey contract in Karnataka [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of RITES gained on October 23 after the engineering firm announced that its previously awarded project management consultancy (PMC) contract from the Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation (KMERC) has been converted into a turnkey contract. A turnkey contract is a contract where a contractor is responsible for the entire project, from design to construction, and the client can use the project as soon as it's finished. &quot;..we are pleased to inform you that the order received from Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation for the construction of Railway PFTs at Dharmapura and Susheel Nagar in Ballari District under CEPMIZ for KMERC, was earlier awarded on a Project Management Consultancy (PMC) basis has now been converted into a turnkey basis,&quot; said RITES in a stock exchange filing. The project, valued at Rs 453.99 crore (excluding GST), involves the construction of two railway private freight terminals (PFTs) at Dharmapura and Susheel Nagar in Ballari District under the Comprehensive Environment Plan for Mining Impact Zone (CEPMIZ) for KMERC. It includes the project management consultancy fee and is expected to be completed within 30 months from the date of signing the agreement or the handover of the construction site. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Earlier this month, RITES said it had received a letter of award for the supply, commissioning and one-year onsite warranty of an overhaul in-service Cape Gauge 3100 HP, diesel-electric locomotive. The company has received this order from Tsiko Africa Logistics (Pty) Limited. The broad consideration for the order is $4.28 million (Rs 35.87 crore). The order has to be executed within six months with a one-year warranty, the company informed the bourses. In September, the PSU emerged as the lowest bidder for a tender floated by the Uttar Pradesh State Bridge Corporation. The bid value was around Rs 60.03 crore, exclusive of taxes. As part of the deal, RITES will offer consultancy services for the construction of civil works (CSC) for supervision, monitoring, quality control and work zone safety. At 12:03 pm, RITES shares were trading a percent higher at Rs 294.80 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 17 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has gained 26 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 7905: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Bajaj Finance Healthy, 29% y/y, AUM growth, was offset by high, Rs19.1bn, provisions leading to Bajaj Finance’s muted 13% y/y consol PAT growth. Despite premium valuations, we retain a Buy, on the best-in-class execution skill, robust customer franchisees and strong tech architecture. We lower estimates on higher credit-cost assumptions. At our higher TP, the stock would trade at 4.4x FY26e consol BV (4.6x earlier). Outlook At our 12-mth higher TP, the stock would trade at 4.4x FY26e consol BV and 23x FY26e EPS. It has traded at higher valuations in the past. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Finance; target of Rs 360: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Mahindra Finance Driven by the surge in credit cost (Q2: Rs7.0bn vs our estimate of Rs5.0bn and Q1: Rs4.5bn), MMFS reported weaker profitability in Q2FY25, with PAT at Rs3.7bn logging significantly below our estimate of Rs5.0bn. The rise in credit cost reflects the inherent seasonality in MMFS’s business owing to the agrarian and rural self-employed customer segment. Notwithstanding the credit-cost surge in Q2, management appears confident about asset quality and credit-cost normalization in H2 led by recoveries and ECL Model refresh-driven reversal of provisions. Overall, we continue to believe that the strategic path chosen by MMFS is the right one, but execution will be crucial and performance improvement gradual (Read our earlier note: Upgrade to BUY). Outlook In addition to the gradual RoA expansion to 2.2%, the beginning of the rate-cut cycle, the rebound in tractor sales, the seasonal improvement in asset quality, the absence of MFI and unsecured PL exposure, and the palatable valuation in the near term make MMFS attractive; reiterate BUY with Sep-25E TP of Rs360. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Firstsource Solutions rises 10% on deal to build language model for U.S mortgage business [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Firstsource Solutions jumped 10 percent to Rs 344 in the morning trade on October 23 after the company announced plans to build a domain-centric large language model (LLM) specifically for the U.S. mortgage sector. This move, under its Firstsource relAI suite, aims to leverage its expertise in the mortgage process, enhancing services with AI-driven capabilities like credit assessments, loan quality checks, and document digitization. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The LLM shortens the time for pre-qualification and formal loan applications, offering a smooth, digital end-to-end experience for loan processing. It combines the ease of self-service with the personalized support of a loan officer, ensuring efficiency throughout. Equipped with features such as classification, extraction, recommendations, and summarization, the LLM will assist in credit assessments, loan quality checks, mortgage document digitization, risk assessment, and more. It will also enhance loan receivables management and automate processes while accelerating the creation of AI co-pilots and agentic workflows. &quot;Generative AI is transforming both our business and our clients’ operations and the mortgage is a critical domain for us, and we are uniquely positioned to capture the opportunity with the interplay of domain knowledge and technology,&quot; Ritesh Idnani, Managing Director &amp;amp; Chief Executive Officer at Firstsource, said. A global business process services partner, Firstsource Solutions offers solutions across the customer lifecycle in industries such as Healthcare, Banking and Financial Services, Communications, Media, and Technology. The company has a presence in the US, UK, India, Mexico, Australia, South Africa, and the Philippines. At about 11:36 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 340, higher by 8.6 percent from the last close on the NSE. Firstsource Solutions shares have had a stellar year, rising 84 percent since the beginning of 2024.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finance; target of Rs 8800: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Finance Driven by sustained elevated credit costs (Q2 gross credit cost-to-AUF: 2.16%; Q1: 2.12%), Bajaj Finance (BAF) reported a slight miss on profitability with consolidated PAT of Rs40bn coming slightly lower than consensus/our estimates. The elevated credit cost in H1 led to the management revising FY25 credit-cost guidance to 2.05% from 1.85% earlier; however, management seeing credit cost peaking in H1 is the silver lining. To reflect the Q2 developments and management commentary, we have adjusted our FY25-27 estimates, which leads to a ~4% cut in earnings. BAF shares have materially underperformed the NIFTY index in the last 12 months, and after the listing of Bajaj Housing, standalone BAF shares are trading at FY26E P/B of 3.7x. Outlook Given the ~4% RoA and &amp;gt;20% RoE along with the &amp;gt;20% earnings growth still intact, we reiterate BUY on the stock, and revise down Sep-25E TP to Rs8,800 (vs Rs9,300 earlier), implying consolidated FY26E P/BV of 4.8x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Finserv; target of Rs 2150: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Finserv After media reports indicated that Allianz Group might be looking to exit its 23- year old India Insurance JVs (BALIC and BAGIC) with the Bajaj Group, BJFIN in its exchange filing confirmed that Allianz has communicated to the company its intent of exiting the Indian Insurance Joint Ventures. Allianz's exit from the JVs has been speculated several times since 2016, when Allianz was unable to exercise the option to increase its stake in the JVs to 49% at a pre-determined, formula-based price as per the 2001 agreement with Bajaj, owing to the RBI regulations and unwillingness of the Bajaj Group. At this juncture, this exit does not affect the operations or strategy of BALIC and BAGIC, and will not have any material bearings on BJFIN. If Allianz chooses to exit via IPO or roping in of any strategic investor, then that could lead to price discovery of the insurance entities. Outlook If BJFIN buys this stake from Allianz then: 1. the impact on BJFIN share price could be a function of transaction price; 2. This purchase of stake by BJFIN will require capital raise to pay Allianz in cash or Allianz getting shares of BJFIN. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Ambuja Cement; target of Rs 756 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Ambuja Cement Ambuja Cement (ACEM) has entered into a share purchase agreement for acquisition of 46.8% stake in Orient Cement Ltd (ORCMT) at an equity value of Rs81bn, which works out at an EV of USD121/t for current operational capacity of 8.5mtpa along with 5.6mtpa clinker. Incorporated in 1982, ORCMT has capacities located at Telangana, Karnataka and Maharashtra. ORCMT has statutory clearance to increase the clinker capacity by ~6mtpa and cement capacity by 8.1mtpa. This expansion can be expected to get completed in 12- 18 months post approval of the deal. As these expansions are planned at existing locations with available land, assuming lower capex of USD80/t, entire deal works out at an EV of USD101/t. The deal will give ACEM access to highquality limestone reserves at no premium and improve its plant network in fast growing Southern states. ORCMT is already operating at ~70% utilization over the last 5 years, and with the help of ACEM’s existing clinker network, it can easily cross 85%. Outlook We have not yet incorporated ORCMT into ACEM estimates; however, with proforma P&amp;amp;L, ACEM FY26E EBITDA gets upgraded by ~8% with ~5mt volumes and TP can see ~Rs46 hike. The stock trades at an EV of 11.4x/10.2x FY26E/27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Buy’ with TP of Rs 756. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Jubilant Ingrevia; target of Rs 696 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Jubilant Ingrevia Jubilant Ingrevia (JUBLINGR IN) witnessed modest 2% sequential growth in revenue, while margins improved by 120bps sequentially, led by Pharmaceutical segment, which experienced volume growth, along with prices increase for a few products. Agrochemical is expected to see gradual demand recovery, with global inventory destocking largely over. During the quarter, both volumes and prices for niacinamide increased. Specialty Chemicals saw 13% YoY growth driven by rising volumes of pyridine derivatives. Nutrition segment saw 12% YoY improvement in revenue, while acetyl segment, which contributes 41% to overall revenue, declined by 10% YoY due to lower demand coming from the paracetamol end-use segment and lower prices. The company has been adding capacities across segments and has signed two CDMO contracts during the quarter, but we believe the agrochemical side of the business will continue to face challenges and revival is unlikely till Q4FY25. Further, net debt/equity is expected to increase as cash flow generated is not expected to sustain capex. Outlook The stock is trading at 43x FY26E EPS. We maintain our ‘HOLD’ rating on the stock with SOTP-based target price of Rs 696, valuing it on FY26/FY27. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Persistent Systems; target of Rs 5810 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Persistent Systems PSYS reported strong growth in Q2FY25, with revenue of US$345 million, up 5.1% QoQ in CC and 5.3% QoQ in USD terms, exceeding our estimate of 2.9% QoQ CC growth and consensus estimate of 3.9% QoQ USD growth. BFS and Healthcare segments drove growth despite ongoing weakness in Hitech sector. EBIT margin remained flat QoQ at 14%, vs our expectation of 70 bps decline and cons. est. of 30 bps QoQ decline. PSYS achieved its highest-ever TCV win of US$529 mn (previous high was US$521 mn in Q3FY24), with net new wins of US$390 mn. Additionally, ACV stood at US$348 mn, up 10.3% YoY, with net new wins of US$219 mn. The growth momentum continued in Q2 aided by continued ramp ups within Healthcare/Life vertical, which further got supported by strong momentum in BFSI. The critical and resilience aspects of the industries, and the nature of engagement with product and platform companies, are enabling it to participate in the non-discretionary areas. Outlook We estimate USD revenues/earnings CAGR of 18%/22% over FY24-FY27E. The stock is currently trading at 38x FY27E, we are assigning P/E of 43x to FY27E with a target price of INR 5,810. We maintain ACCUMULATE. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Supreme Industries; target of Rs 5700: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Supreme Industries Q2FY2025 earnings performance lagged estimates led by sharp volatility in PVC prices, weak infrastructure demand and extended monsoons. However, adjusted OPMs beat estimates. The management lowered overall volume growth guidance to 14-15% y-o-y and plastic piping volume growth to 16-18% y-o-y for FY2025. Consolidated OPM guidance marginally lowered to 14.5-15.25%. Stabilisation of PVC prices at lower levels, expected pick-up in infrastructure, housing and agriculture demand is expected to result in strong H2 performance. Outlook We retain a Buy on Supreme Industries Limited (SIL) with a revised PT of Rs. 5,700, lowering our valuation multiple. Stock price correction of over 15% in past few days provide buying opportunity. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: NMDC shares rise 5% after second price hike for Lump Ore and Fines in October [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of state-owned NMDC or National Mineral Development Corporation were buzzing in trade, rising 5 percent to Rs 225 on October 23 after the company announced a price increase for its Lump Ore and Fines, a second price hike by the company in October. NMDC raised the price of Lump Ore by Rs 600, bringing it to Rs 6,350 per tonne, while the price of Fines went up by Rs 400 to Rs 5,410 per tonne, the company stated in a regulatory filing on October 22. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates These latest hikes push NMDC’s prices for Lump Ore and Fines to their highest since May. Interestingly, NMDC’s price adjustments come at a time when global iron ore prices are trending downward. The commodity has slipped by 11 percent, currently trading at SG$101, down from the recent high of SG$114 on October 8. Earlier in October, NMDC had raised the price of Lump Ore to Rs 5,750 per tonne, and Fines to Rs 5,010 per tonne. In the first quarter, NMDC posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 1,970.8 crore for the June period, marking a 19 percent rise from Rs 1,652.2 crore in the same period last year, driven by improved realisations. The company’s performance benefited from robust demand for iron ore, a key raw material for steelmaking, as the government boosts infrastructure investments. On a sequential basis, NMDC’s net profit surged by nearly 40 percent. The company operates four iron ore mines located across Chhattisgarh and Karnataka. At about 10:40 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 223.5, higher by 4 percent from the last close on the NSE. NMDC shares haven't had the best year after gaining just 6 percent since the start of 2024.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company; target of Rs 920: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Strong growth continued across its proprietary and banca channel which resulted in APE growth of ~21% / y-o-y in Q2FY25 although APE growth lagged estimates. VNB margins fell by 590 bps y-o-y, stood at 23.4% vs estimates of 25% mainly driven by adverse product mix and change in yield curve that resulted in a marginal reduction in pricing in non-par and annuity segment. Management reiterated that the impact of the change in surrender value regulation will not be material on margins in H2FY25 as it would be mitigated by restructuring commission and also they have comparatively lower share of non-linked business (~18%). Outlook We maintain a Buy rating with an unchanged PT of Rs. 920. Stock trades at 2.2/1.9x/1.7x its FY2025E/FY2026E/FY2027E EVPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Union Bank of India; target of Rs 142: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Union Bank of India Strong non-interest income (treasury and recovery) counterbalanced lower margins (due to penal charges reclassification), resulting in Union Bank of India’s decent operating performance and better RoA. Slippages increased on account of one large corporate NPA. Ahead, we expect slippages to ease as most of the stress has been recognised. With stress from the legacy book recognised, the focus now shifts to profitability. Outlook We expect the bank to deliver a sustainable, ~1%, RoA in the medium term. We retain our Buy rating, with a 12-mth TP of Rs142, 0.8x P/ABV on the FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Persistent Systems stock zooms 10% as Street cheers Q2 net profit, revenue growth; brokerages bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Persistent Systems jumped as much as 10 percent on October 23 after the mid-tier IT services company reported impressive earnings for the quarter ending September 2024. The strong financial performance has caught the attention of several brokerages, leading to optimistic forecasts and buy recommendations. Prabhudas Lilladher noted that Persistent Systems' unique value proposition and focus on regulated sectors have enabled it to remain resilient in a challenging market environment. Investments in building a senior leadership team in key verticals have also boosted client engagement and facilitated the closure of significant strategic deals. However, the brokerage considers the current valuation high, reflecting all positive factors in the stock price. They estimate a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 18 percent in USD revenues and 22 percent in earnings from FY24 to FY27, assigning a price-to-earnings ratio of 43x for FY27, with a target price of Rs 5,810 and an “Accumulate” rating. Persistent Systems on Tuesday reported a 23.4 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 325 crore for Q2FY25. The IT firm’s revenue from operations surged 20.1 percent to Rs 2,897 crore against Rs 2,412 crore in the year-ago period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Nuvama remains positive about Persistent Systems, expecting it to outperform peers due to its strong positioning in digital transformation and its substantial margin levers. They believe the company is well-placed at its current revenue range of approximately $1 billion and that the trajectory for margin expansion is on track. Although the stock is trading at a premium price-to-earnings ratio of 45x for FY26, this valuation is justified by the company’s strong growth profile, which includes a projected 26 percent earnings CAGR from FY24 to FY27, said Nuvama as it retained a 'buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6,350 per share. Persistent's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) rose to Rs 384 crore, and the EBIT margin came in at 14 percent in the September quarter. Nomura has issued a 'neutral' call on the counter, setting a target price of Rs 5,200 per share. The brokerage highlighted the company's resilient growth driven by strong execution and healthy deal wins, with revenue growth surpassing expectations for Q2. They anticipate margin improvement in the second half of FY25, aiming for a long-term increase of 200-300 basis points. Persistent Systems is currently trading at a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.7x based on FY27 earnings projections. Motilal Oswal highlighted Persistent Systems’ impressive year-over-year growth of 20.1 prcent despite a slowdown in key sectors. The growth in both the healthcare and BFSI (banking, financial services, and insurance) verticals demonstrates the company's competitive edge in high-growth markets. The company is positioning itself as a platform-driven business utilizing AI solutions to adapt to shifting market demands. While acknowledging the stock’s high valuation, analysts at MOFSL believe the exceptional earnings growth trajectory indicates further upside potential. They value Persistent Systems at 50x its projected earnings for September 2026, reiterating a 'buy' rating with a target price of Rs 6,300. At 10:12 am, Persistent Systems shares were trading 10 percent higher at Rs 5,674 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 54 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has zoomed 95 percent, nearly doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 842: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM reported 33%/34% YoY growth in revenue/EBITDA during Q2FY25 on account of 82% growth in defense &amp;amp; 20% growth in aerospace. Despite seeing a beat on topline, PAT in Q2FY25 came lower than expected due to higher interest cost. Q2FY25 witnessed higher proportion of execution for a large domestic company in defence segment which led to higher domestic mix as opposed to normal quarters. Though EBITDA margin expanded to 8.1% but higher domestic mix impacted the margins. The PAT for the quarter recorded a growth of 5.5% on YoY basis during the quarter, lower than the EBITDA growth of 34%. The PAT growth number trailed the EBITDA growth due to higher interest cost on account of increased debt. The order book for the company was recorded at INR 19,790 Mn for the quarter and the order book is expected to turn better in the coming quarters given more than $500 Mn weighted order pipeline. We believe the margin is on an improving trajectory and meaningful expansion should be reflected in FY26E while in FY25E the margins should be in double digit/ close to double digit. Outlook Consequently, we have slightly revised our FY26E earnings estimates by -3.5% to INR 19 (Previous INR 20) and maintain our BUY rating on the stock with target price of INR 842 (27.4% upside), valued at a PE of 45x FY26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 12,063: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on UltraTech Cement UltraTech Cement’s earnings for Q2FY25 exceeded our expectations, while revenue aligned with our forecasts. Revenue for Q2FY25 came in at INR 156,347 Mn, down 2.4% YoY (-13.5% QoQ) was largely in line with our estimates. EBITDA stood at INR 20,183 Mn, down 20.9% YoY (-33.6% QoQ), reflected in the EBITDA margin declining to 12.9% (-302bps YoY/ -391bps QoQ). PAT stood at INR 8,200 Mn, down 36.0% YoY (-51.7% QoQ); PAT margin declined to 5.2%, down 276bps YoY (-414bps QoQ). We apply an EV/EBITDA multiple of 20.5x to FY26E EBITDA of INR 175,623 Mn, reflecting our confidence in UTCEM’s expansion plans. The addition of capacities following the approval of Kesoram and India Cement stakes is expected to further strengthen the company’s market positioning. Outlook Given UltraTech’s potential to deliver superior growth in both volume and earnings, we arrive a target price (TP) of INR 12,063 and maintain our &quot;ACCUMULATE&quot; rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Coforge Share Price: Coforge stock zooms 8% on solid Q2 earnings show, steady order book [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Coforge surged over 12 percent to hit an all-time high of Rs 7,632 per share on October 23 after the company's solid Q2 earnings performance bolstered investor sentiment. The company's net profit grew around 9 percent on quarter to Rs 255.20 crore in the September quarter, up from Rs 234.60 crore in the previous quarter. The improved earnings were also aided by the company's recent acquisition of Cigniti Technologies. Revenue also grew 27.5 percent sequentially to Rs 3,062 crore in Q2 as against Rs 2,401 crore in the April-June quarter. Meanwhile, Coforge also reported a total order intake of $516 million in Q2, including three large deals, marking the eleventh consecutive quarter with order intake steady above $300 million. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Coforge's order book, executable over the next 12 months touched $1.3 billion, implying a 40 percent year-on-year surge. Additionally, the company added 13 clients during the quarter. At 09.53 am, shares of Coforge were trading at Rs 7,295.95 on the NSE. However, EBIT margin recorded a sequential decline of 190 basis points, primarily on account of adjustments related to the Cigniti acquisition. Adjusting for that, the organic EBIT margin for the quarter stood at 12.2 percent, down from 13.6 percent in the April-June period. Further, the management of Coforge also rolled out a positive outlook for the coming quarters. further strengthening investor sentiment. “With a 27 percent sequential dollar growth, a 6.3 percent rise in organic business, significant EBITDA expansion, and a robust pipeline of large deals, we expect strong and sustained growth in the upcoming quarters,” Coforge CEO Sudhir Singh stated in an exchange filing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Olectra Greentech stock jumps after Q2 net profit zooms 156%, revenue rises 71% YoY [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Olectra Greentech gained 4 percent on October 23 after the electric vehicles maker reported a 156.4 percent on-year (YoY) jump in net profit at Rs 47.7 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's revenue from operations surged 70.5 percent YoY to Rs 523.7 crore against Rs 307.2 crore in the year-ago period. At the operating level, the EV maker's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) stood at Rs 81.2 crore in the fiscal second quarter over Rs 40.6 crore in the year-ago period. The EBITDA margin stood at 15.5 percent in the reporting quarter against 13.2 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Founded in 2000, Olectra Greentech made a significant move in 2015 by launching electric buses in India. The company has also become the largest manufacturer of silicone rubber and composite insulators used in power transmission and distribution networks in the country. The company has demonstrated noteworthy financial management, as evidenced by its Operating Profit-to-interest ratio, which stands at an impressive 7.25 times—the highest level recorded in the past five quarters. This improvement reflects the company's enhanced ability to handle interest payments effectively. In terms of cash flow, Olectra Greentech achieved its strongest Operating Cash Flow in three years, amounting to Rs 143 crore. This indicates robust revenue generation from its core business activities. Overall, the company has reported solid financial results for Q2FY25, with net sales, PAT, and PBT reaching their peak levels in the last five quarters. Consequently, Olectra Greentech's Earnings per Share (EPS) rose to Rs 5.79, signaling increased profitability and delivering greater returns for its shareholders. At 9:30 am, Olectra Greentech shares were trading 3 percent higher at Rs 1,674.80 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has risen around 21 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the 12 months gone by, the counter has risen around 54 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 22, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The Cotton Association of India has estimated the country's cotton production in 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) at 30.2 million bales (1 bale = 170 kg), down 7.1% on year. The committee, however, said there could be a variation of 5% in the cotton pressings and balance sheet numbers on account of an unpredictable monsoon pattern and other factors influencing the crop, according to the release. Cotton production in the north zone, which comprises Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan, is pegged at 3.6 million bales in the 2024-25 (Oct-Sept) season. Output in the central zone, which includes Gujarat, Maharashtra, and Madhya Pradesh, is seen at 18.9 million bales in 2024-25 against 20.0 million bales the previous year, according to the Cotton Association of India. Production in the south zone comprising Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu is seen at 7.2 million bales against 7.4 million bales during the previous season, and other states will account for the rest of the output. The association has estimated domestic demand in 2024-25 at 31.3 million bales, the same as the previous year. It has pegged exports at 1.8 million bales, against the previous estimate of 2.85 million bales. The cotton body sees 2024-25 closing stock at 2.64 million bales against 3.02 million bales a year ago.The opening stock for the season starting October is estimated at 3.02 million bales against 2.89 million bales a year ago, the association said. The total supply of cotton till the end of the cotton season 2024-25 is estimated at 35.7 mln bales, against 37.2 million bales in the previous season. The association has estimated imports in 2024-25 at 2.5 million bales, up from 1.75 million bales from its previous estimate. Production of groundnut in Gujarat is likely to rise nearly 26% on year to 4.2 million tonnes in 2024-25 (Jul-Jun) even as the acreage under the crop has risen just 0.2% to 1.91 million hectares, according to crop survey by the Solvent Extractors' Association of India. Gujarat is the top producer of the commodity in the country. The significant rise in production will largely be on account of an increased productivity, rising to 2,210 kilogram per hectare from 2,045 kilogram per hectare last year, it said. Across India, groundnut Kharif acreage was reported across nearly 4.9 million hectares as on Sept. 27, compared with 4.37 million hectares last year at the same time, the report said. Owing to scattered showers in certain districts of Gujarat, crops that were sown early have been damaged. During the past three days, several parts of Saurashtra have received heavy showers which may further damage the crop that has been harvested and lying in the field and this is likely to delay the arrivals, according to the report. The mandi prices of good quality groundnut are currently quoted at INR 6,250 per 100 kg, down from the minimum selling price of INR 6,783 per 100 kg. Additionally, soybean acreage in Gujarat increased to 308,000 hectares from 267,000 hectares last year. Farmers' interest in soybean crop has been growing due to low input cost, less labour-dependence and higher mechanisation during harvesting. In view of this, soybean area has also been expanding year on year in Gujarat, the report said. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 851: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM has delivered strong results, largely in line with expectations. The company reported 33% YoY revenue growth, driven by significant increases in the defense sector (up 82%) and the aerospace sector (up 20%). Margins remained steady at 8.1%. While the net order book decreased to ₹19.8 bn, management anticipates a positive shift in the H2FY25, citing a healthy order pipeline and expected finalizations of key deals in the coming quarters. The company also welcomed two new clients: a leading defense public sector unit in India specializing in missile systems and a global oilfield services firm.This expansion is promising for long-term visibility and potential conversions. We maintain a positive outlook on Cyient DLM due to its strong backing from its parent company, solid client relationships, and the addition of new clients. The company boasts a resilient order book, robust order inflows, and specialized skills in high-growth sectors. Additionally, the recent acquisition of a 100% stake in Altek Electronic Inc. will enhance its geographical reach, client base and supply chain synergies, particularly in the medical, healthcare and industrial segments, contributing to incremental growth. Outlook The stock has seen a correction from its peak levels and presents attractive value prospects at reasonable valuations. After reviewing the H1FY25 results, we have adjusted our estimates but continue to recommend buying the stock, maintaining our price target at ₹851. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Paytm stock zooms 11% on NPCI nod to onboard new UPI users; brokerages mixed after Q2 show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Paytm parent One 97 Communications gained over 11 percent on October 23 as the company received a nod from the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) to on-board new UPI users, nearly nine months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) placed an embargo on the addition of new customers. In a letter to founder and chief executive officer (CEO) Vijay Shekhar Sharma, NPCI chief Dilip Asbe approved and permitted the fintech to begin new user onboarding. The nod to on-board new users may lead to an increase in UPI transaction volumes for the company. This follows the company's announcement on October 21 that it recorded a net profit of ₹930 crore in Q2FY25, a significant turnaround from a net loss of Rs 290 crore in the same period last year. However, this profit was largely attributed to a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore from the sale of its movie ticketing business to Zomato. Without this, the fintech company would have faced a net loss of Rs 415 crore, exceeding the loss reported in the year-ago period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Jefferies has maintained a 'Hold' rating on Paytm with a target price of Rs 700 per share. The firm highlighted that Paytm's Q2 EBITDA losses have decreased due to a 13 percent QoQ reduction in costs, coupled with a recovering topline. Paytm has also initiated DLG-based lending, which is in line with market practices. Jefferies noted that an accelerated ramp-up in loan disbursals could bring Paytm closer to EBITDA breakeven. Additionally, the risk profile for Paytm has improved significantly following NPCI's approval for Third-Party Application Providers (TPAP). The firm believes the current valuation of 3.1x September 2026 EV/Sales reflects near-term optimism, justifying the 'Hold' call. Bernstein, on the other hand, has given Paytm an 'Outperform' rating, with a target price of Rs 600 per share. According to Bernstein, Paytm's Q2 performance saw positives in GMV growth and merchant loan disbursals. However, the report flagged concerns about a continued decline in Monthly Transacting Users (MTUs) and a sequential drop in personal loan disbursals. Bernstein also acknowledged that Paytm's focus on cost control is evident, as indirect expenses registered a sharp decline. Overall, the international brokerage views the Q2 results as showing clear improvement from the bottom reached in the previous quarter, maintaining optimism for future performance. Also Read | Paytm gets NPCI approval to onboard new UPI users Paytm's revenue for the September quarter declined by 34 percent YoY to Rs 1,660 crore. Sequentially, however, the income increased slightly from Rs 1,501 crore in Q1. The Noida-based firm's net payment margin increased to Rs 465 crore, largely on account of improvement in payment processing margin, better device realization and growth in GMV. Paytm shares ended over 5 percent lower at Rs 684 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 5 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, however, the counter has fallen 26 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: World Street | Tokyo Metro soars on debut, Starbucks slips, Tupperware agrees to takeover [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Japan's metro operator, Tokyo Metro, skyrocketed 45 percent after a stellar market debut. Starbucks suspended its 2025 guidance after sales plunged for a third consecutive quarter. Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, one of the largest in the world, reported third-quarter profit of 835 billion Norwegian kroner ($76.3 billion). Bankrupt brand Tupperware agreed to lender takeover of its business, canceling its plans for an open-market auction of its assets. All this and more in the October 23 edition of World Street. Moving like a tracer bullet Shares of Japanese subway operator Tokyo Metro surged nearly 45 percent following its stellar public listing. The company raised 348.6 billion yen ($2.3 billion), becoming Japan's largest IPO in six years. Priced at the upper end of the 1,100 yen to 1,200 yen range, Tokyo Metro is a major player in Japan's subway industry and the largest operator in Tokyo. Currently, the company is co-owned by Japan's national government (53.4 percent ) and the Tokyo metropolitan government (46.6 percent ). Cold and dry Starbucks Corp. has withdrawn its 2025 guidance after reporting a third consecutive quarter of sales decline, spotlighting challenges for new CEO Brian Niccol. The coffee giant saw same-store sales drop 7 percent in Q4 ending September 29, with US transactions down 10 percent and a 14 percent fall in comparable sales in China. Starbucks noted that pulling its guidance will give Niccol time to evaluate the business and establish a turnaround plan. Bad decisions McDonald’s shares fell 7 percent in extended trading overnight after the CDC linked an E. coli outbreak to the company’s Quarter Pounder burgers, resulting in 10 hospitalizations and one death. The outbreak, reported across 10 states, primarily affected Colorado and Nebraska. McDonald’s responded by removing slivered onions, suspected to be the source, from affected locations and halting their distribution from a single supplier. Happy times General Motors shares soared 10 percent overnight, posting their largest single-day gain since the volatile trading days of March 2020 during the onset of the pandemic. The upmove in the stock came after GM smashed Wall Street’s third-quarter earnings expectations and upped its guidance for 2024. Additionally, GM reaffirmed its commitment to rewarding shareholders with returns, further bolstering market sentiment. Outside of the pandemic, this rally marked GM’s best day since May 2018, according to FactSet. Minting money Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, the Government Pension Fund Global--one of the largest in the world, reported a third-quarter profit of 835 billion Norwegian kroner ($76.3 billion) on Tuesday, fueled by stock market gains linked to falling interest rates. The Government Pension Fund Global's total value reached 18.870 trillion kroner by the end of September. The fund posted a 4.4 percent return for the quarter, slightly underperforming its benchmark index by 0.1 percentage points. The benchmark is based on the FTSE Global All Cap index for equities and Bloomberg Barclays indexes for fixed income. Taking the road mostly taken Tupperware Brands, the bankrupt food storage company, has agreed to sell its business to a group of lenders for $23.5 million in cash and more than $63 million in debt relief. This deal cancels plans for an open-market auction of its assets. The agreement was announced at a bankruptcy court hearing in Delaware, where US Bankruptcy Judge Brendan Shannon said the sale was likely the best outcome considering the company's &quot;difficult and challenging circumstances.&quot; Tupperware filed for bankruptcy last month with $818 million in debt, aiming to find a buyer within 30 days.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Zomato stock earns bullish cheers on stellar Q2 earnings; brokerages bet big on Blinkit [/INST] The full article is as follows: Zomato has served up another sizzling quarter as Q2FY25 revenues surged to Rs 4,800 crore, fueled by explosive growth in Blinkit, Hyperpure and Going Out segments, while Food Delivery continued on its steady path. Though its EBITDA margin remained largely flat due to the company's investments in scaling its infrastructure, brokerages dished out bullish calls as they are betting big on the immense growth potential for the online food giant. Despite the robust Q2 earnings, Zomato shares were trading over 4 percent lower at Rs 245.30 on the NSE at 9:21 am. HSBC has maintained a 'buy' rating on Zomato with a target price of Rs 330 per share as the company's Q2 food delivery numbers met expectations. At the same time, its quick commerce segment outperformed projections. HSBC believes Zomato's recent fundraise will provide the necessary resources for the company to stay aggressive in an increasingly competitive market. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Nomura has also given Zomato a 'buy' rating, setting a target price of Rs 320 per share. Zomato plans to focus on growing its quick commerce operations while aiming to maintain neutral EBITDA in the near term. Zomato on October 22 reported a 389 percent jump in net profit to Rs 176 crore for the quarter ended September 2024. The company's revenue during the same time increased 69 percent YoY as more customers ordered in. However, the company's cash balance has reduced from Rs 14,400 crore in July 2021 to Rs 10,800 crore as of September 30. Analysts at Motilal Oswal said that Zomato’s food delivery business is stable, and Blinkit offers a generational opportunity to participate in the disruption of industries such as retail, grocery and e-commerce. They kept their estimates largely unchanged as the increase in Blinkit gross order value (GOV) as a result of the dark store network expansion is offset by decreased profitability owing to increased capex and investments. The brokerage projects Zomato's PAT margins to improve to 4.7 percent in FY25, 8.6 percent in FY26, and 12.9 percent in FY27. It reiterated a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 330, implying a 28 percent upside from its recent close. Zomato continues to scale its infrastructure and remains on track to achieve its dark store target of 2,000 by December 2026. The new District app is set to be launched within the next four weeks, which according to Emkay Global will consolidate its Going Out services in a single app with the aim of creating the third-large B2C business to emerge out of Zomato. Also Read | Zomato Q2 net profit surges 389% to Rs 176 cr The food aggregator has also announced a fundraise to the tune of up to Rs 8,500 crore, which ensures that it remains on a strong footing in this highly-competitive environment, the brokerage said as it maintained 'buy' call on the stock with target price of Rs 310 per share. &quot;We lower FY25-27E EPS by 17-26 percent factoring in Q2 performance, lower Blinkit margins, and higher ETR assumptions,&quot; it added. Zomato shares ended 3.5 percent lower at Rs 256.55 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 106 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 12 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has zoomed 135 percent, more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RailTel Corporation shares gain on order win worth Rs 36.8 cr from South Eastern Railway [/INST] The full article is as follows: RailTel Corporation of India shares gained in the early trade on October 23 after the company has received the work order from South Eastern Railway, valued at approximately Rs 36.78 crore. At 09:20am, Railtel Corporation of India was quoting at Rs 396.55, up Rs 5.45, or 1.39 percent, on the BSE. This contract involves the provision of electronic interlocking systems and signaling arrangements at various cabins in Bondamunda, with a completion deadline set for October 16, 2025. A meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled to be held on October 28, 2024, to consider and approve unaudited financial results for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2024 and to declare interim dividend, if any, for the financial year 2024-25. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company in the quarter ended September (Q2FY25) reported 18.2 percent fall in its net profit to Rs 139.3 crore while revenue rose 31.6 percent to Rs 13,372.4 crore, YoY. Orders won in October The company has received the work order from Kavaratti Smart City for works amounting to Rs 51,40,66,349 (Including Tax). The company has received the work order from Controller General Of Defence Accounts (Cgda) for NOC SOC Solution for CGDA amounting to Rs 21,64,16,156 (Excluding Tax). Also, the company has received the work order from ICDS Commissioner, Maharashtra for other project amounting to Rs 14,20,84,800 (Including Tax).. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Power Grid wins inter-state transmission projects; shares trade lower [/INST] The full article is as follows: Power Grid Corporation of India shares down marginally in the early trade on October 23 despite the company won inter-state transmission project in different states. At 09:21am, Power Grid Corporation of India was quoting at Rs 320.15, down Rs 2.65, or 0.82 percent, on the BSE. The company has been declared as the successful bidder to establish inter-state transmission system for evacuation of power from Rajasthan REZ Ph -IV (Part-3: 6 GW) [Bikaner complex] : Part B on build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) basis. The project comprises establishment of new 765/400kV Siwani sub-station along with STATCOM and other equipment, 765kV D/C Transmission Line traversing in the States of Rajasthan and Haryana, various 400kV D/C Transmission Lines traversing through the state of Haryana along with bays extension works for the above lines at other existing substations in the states of Rajasthan and Haryana. Also, the company received Letter of Intent (LoI) to establish inter-state transmission system for evacuation of power from Rajasthan REZ Ph -IV (Part-3: 6 GW) [Bikaner complex] : Part A on BOOT basis. The project comprises establishment of new 765/400/220kV Bikaner IV Pooling substation along with STATCOM and other equipment, 765kV D/C Transmission Line traversing in the states of Rajasthan and Haryana, various 400kV D/C Transmission Lines traversing through the States of Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana along with bays extension works for the above lines at other existing substations in the State of Haryana and Punjab. Catch all the market action on our live blog The committee of directors for bonds of the company in their meeting approved the raising of bonds as unsecured, non-convertible, bon-cumulative, redeemable, taxable,POWERGRID Bonds - LXXIX (79th) issue upto Rs 5,000 crore on private placement basis. Last week, the company acquired project-specific SPVs Jam Khambhaliya Transmission Ltd (JKTL) and South Olpad Transmission Ltd (SOTL) through a tariff-based competitive bidding process from bid process coordinator PFC Consulting Ltd (PFCCL).. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a flat start on October 23, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,545, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Extended selling in the broader markets, poor global cues and weak sectoral performance weighed on the Indian benchmark indices on October 22, dragging the Nifty below 24,500. At close, the Sensex was down 930.55 points or 1.15 percent at 80,220.72, and the Nifty was down 309.00 points or 1.25 percent at 24,472.10. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading marginally higher, indicating a flat opening for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,545 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Gain) Asian indices were trading mostly higher, with investors awaiting the trading debut of Japan’s subway operator, Tokyo Metro. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.34 -4.50 5.63 Nikkei 0.15 -3.65 8.01 Hang Seng Taiwan -0.60 4.15 25.77 Kospi 0.15 -5.44 -8.69 US Equities (Mixed) US stocks ended little changed on Tuesday, but the Nasdaq eked out a modest gain while investors kept an eye on Treasuries yields and awaited more earnings to assess the health of American companies. In a choppy session, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 6.71 points, or 0.02%, to 42,924.89, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 2.78 points, or 0.05%, to 5,851.20 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 33.12 points, or 0.18%, to 18,573.13. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.02 1.74 15.08 S&amp;amp;P500 0.05 1.87 23.93 Nasdaq -0.18 2.45 25.02 US Bond Yield (Up) The US 10-year Treasury yield rose 19 bps at 4.21 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield added 26 bps at 4.04 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.21 3.74 4.85 US 2-Year Treasury 4.04 3.58 5.04 Dollar Index (Flat) The US dollar rose to a fresh 2-1/2-month high, continuing its recent ascent on expectations the Federal Reserve will temper its interest rate cut path, while investors positioned ahead of an apparently tight U.S. presidential election. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 104.14 100.85 105.53 Asian currencies (Weak) Asian currencies were mostly trading lower in the early trade on Wednesday. On a month-to-date basis, Taiwan Dollar down marginally, while other currencies shed between 1-5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.405 -2.31 -1.07 South Korean Won -0.368 -3.57 -6.74 Japanese Yen -0.323 -5.25 -7 Philippines Peso 0.062 -3.24 -4.21 Thai Baht -0.375 -2.04 1.91 Taiwan Dollar -0.187 -0.198 -4.79 China Renminbi -0.041 -1 -0.330 Malaysian Ringgit -0.403 -3.28 5.71 Singapore Dollar -0.114 -2.66 0.190 Crude (Falls) Oil prices edged down on Wednesday after industry data showed U.S. crude inventories had swelled more than expected, while the market kept watch on diplomatic efforts in the Middle East as Israel continued attacks on Gaza and Lebanon. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -0.50 4.71 -0.38 Brent Crude -0.49 5.45 -1.77 Gold (Down) Gold took a breather after surging to a record high, as higher U.S. Treasury yields and dollar offset support from growing uncertainties surrounding the U.S. presidential election and the Middle East war. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold -0.13 4.21 33.08 Silver -0.64 11.11 45.44 LME Commodities (Up) Except Nickel,all other commodities were trading higher in the early trade on Wednesday with Zinc rose 2 percent and Aluminium added 1.5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 1.46 0.84 10.47 Copper 0.25 -2.50 11.98 Nickel -2.33 -6.81 -1.73 Lead 0.61 -1.29 0.02 Zinc 2.02 1.50 18.04 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,978 crore on October 22, while domestic institutional investors purchased equities worth Rs 5869 crore on the same day. 22nd Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,978.61 -71,035.02 -2,13,571.21 DII Net Flows 5,869.06 1,15,151.40 4,20,735.11 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Bajaj Finance, Indus Towers, Paytm, Sonata Software, RITES, Persistent, Olectra Greentech in focus on Wednesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising, and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Hindustan Unilever, Bajaj Finserv, SBI Life Insurance Company, Aster DM Healthcare, AU Small Finance Bank, Bajaj Holdings, Birla Corporation, Birlasoft, Godrej Properties, CARE Ratings, Craftsman Automation, Dodla Dairy, Fedbank Financial Services, Fino Payments Bank, Heritage Foods, IIFL Finance, KPIT Technologies, Karnataka Bank, Dr Lal PathLabs, Metro Brands, Navin Fluorine International, Nuvoco Vistas Corporation, Piramal Enterprises, Pidilite Industries, Schaeffler India, Sona BLW Precision Forgings, Syngene International, Thyrocare Technologies, TVS Motor, United Spirits, VIP Industries, Zenotech Laboratories Quarterly Earnings Bajaj Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 13% to Rs 4,014 crore Vs Rs 3,551 crore Net interest income soars 23% to Rs 8,838 crore Vs Rs 7,196 crore Loan losses and provisions rises to Rs 1,909 crore Vs Rs 1,077 crore Pre-provisioning operating profit climbs 25% to Rs 7,307 crore Vs Rs 5,835 crore Gross NPA jumps to 1.06% Vs 0.91% Net NPA rises to 0.46% Vs 0.31% Indus Towers Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 71.7% to Rs 2,223.5 crore Vs Rs 1,294.7 crore Revenue rises 4.7% to Rs 7,465.3 crore Vs Rs 7,132.5 crore EBITDA zooms 42% to Rs 4,907.1 crore Vs Rs 3,455.9 crore Margin expands sharply to 65.7% Vs 48.5% (YoY) CCI approves increase in percentage shareholding of Bharti Airtel in Indus Towers to 50.005% Olectra Greentech Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 156.5% to Rs 47.7 crore Vs Rs 18.6 crore Revenue jumps 70.5% to Rs 523.7 crore Vs Rs 307.2 crore EBITDA spikes 100.4% to Rs 81.2 crore Vs Rs 40.5 crore Margin expands to 15.5% Vs 13.2% Max Financial Services Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit falls 18.2% to Rs 139.3 crore Revenue rises 31.6% to Rs 13,372.4 crore Value of new business grows 23% to Rs 513 crore Total annualized premium equivalent jumps 31% to Rs 2,170 crore ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 2.9% to Rs 251 crore Vs Rs 243.9 crore Net premium income rises 7.3% to Rs 10,754.2 crore Vs Rs 10,022.4 crore Net commission jumps 60.2% to Rs 1,234.9 crore Vs Rs 770.9 crore M&amp;amp;M Financial Services Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit surges 57% to Rs 369 crore Vs Rs 235 crore Net interest income increases 19% to Rs 1,963 crore Vs Rs 1,646 crore Pre-provisioning operating profit grows 27% to Rs 1,196 crore Vs Rs 943 crore Disbursements drops 1% to Rs 13,162 crore Vs Rs 13,315 crore Gross NPA rises to 3.83% Vs 3.56% (QoQ) Net NPA climbs to 1.59% Vs 1.46% Persistent Systems Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit grows 6.1% to Rs Rs 325 crore Vs Rs 306.4 crore Revenue increases 5.8% to Rs 2,897.2 crore Vs Rs 2,737.2 crore EBIT rises 5.8% to Rs 406.2 crore Vs Rs 384 crore EBIT margin remains unchanged at 14% Vs 14% Dollar revenue climbs 5.3% to $345.5 million Vs $328.2 million Constant currency revenue growth at 5.1% Vs 5.6% IIFL Securities Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit spikes 90.8% to Rs 205.3 crore Vs Rs 107.6 crore Revenue increases 27.3% to Rs 645.4 crore Vs Rs 507 crore Can Fin Homes Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 33.5% to Rs 211 crore Vs Rs 158 crore Net interest income rises 7.3% to Rs 340 crore Vs Rs 317 crore Gross NPA falls to 0.88% Vs 0.91% (QoQ) Net NPA declines to 0.47% Vs 0.49% (QoQ) Shoppers Stop Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 20.6 crore Vs profit at Rs 2.7 crore Revenue grows 7.3% to Rs 1,114.9 crore Vs Rs 1,039.12 crore Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit spikes 69% to Rs 129.2 crore Vs Rs 76.5 crore Revenue jumps 55% to Rs 593 crore Vs Rs 382.7 crore Chennai Petroleum Corporation Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss stands at Rs 633.7 crore Vs profit of Rs 1,195.4 crore Revenue falls 27% to Rs 12,086.4 crore Vs Rs 16,544.6 crore Cigniti Technologies Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit zooms 403.5% to Rs 52.9 crore Vs Rs 10.5 crore Revenue rises 6.55% to Rs 499.2 crore Vs Rs 468.5 crore Exceptional item at Nil Vs loss Rs 30.05 crore Stocks To Watch One 97 Communications The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) has granted approval to Paytm parent One 97 Communications to onboard new UPI users. Sonata Software Sonata Software has received a contract from a Fortune 500 manufacturer of consumer goods and industrial products. Under the multi-year deal, Sonata will support the manufacturing company's global business growth and its ongoing digital transformation journey. RITES The company has received an order worth Rs 454 crore from the Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation. Earlier, the order for the construction of railway PFTs at Dharmapura and Susheel Nagar in the Ballari district, awarded to the company on a project management consultancy (PMC) basis, has now been converted to a turnkey basis. RailTel Corporation of India The company has received a work order worth Rs 36.8 crore from South Eastern Railway. The work order involves the provision of an electronic interlocking system and signaling arrangements (both indoor and outdoor). Fedbank Financial Services The Board has appointed Parvez Mulla as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company for three years, effective November 11. Aavas Financiers The Competition Commission of India has approved the acquisition of Aavas Financiers by Aquilo House Pte. Dhanlaxmi Bank The Board has approved fundraising of up to Rs 300 crore via equity shares on a rights basis. Firstsource Solutions The RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group company has decided to build a domain-centric Large Language Model for the US mortgage business. Power Grid Corporation of India The company has been declared the successful bidder to establish an inter-state transmission system in Rajasthan. It has received a Letter of Intent for the said project, which comprises the establishment of a new 765/400kV Siwani substation along with STATCOM and other equipment, a 765kV D/C transmission line traversing Rajasthan and Haryana, and various 400kV D/C transmission lines traversing through Haryana, along with bay extension works for the above lines at other existing substations in Rajasthan and Haryana. Bulk Deals Orient Cement Ashika Credit Capital bought a 0.51% stake in the cement company at an average price of Rs 353.23 per share, and Nuvama Multi Asset Strategy Return Fund acquired a 0.91% stake at an average price of Rs 347.94 per share. Block Deals Trent Investor Siddhartha Yog bought a 0.32% stake in the retail company at an average price of Rs 7,465 per share, amounting to Rs 847.16 crore, from Dodona Holdings. SME Listing on October 23 Lakshya Powertech Stock Turns Ex-Dividend Caspian Corporate Services Stock Trades Ex-Date for Bonus Grovy India F&amp;amp;O Ban Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Birlasoft, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Indian Energy Exchange, IndiaMART InterMESH, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, Piramal Enterprises, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade ICICI Bank, Phoenix Mills, Tube Investments of India, Unichem Labs and others on Wednesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The market extended its bearish trend for another session, with the Nifty 50 falling more than one percent to close below 24,500 on October 22. The breadth was strongly in favour of bears, as about 2,308 shares declined compared to 223 shares that advanced on the NSE. The index may see a minor rebound after the significant fall, but overall, the trend remains weak. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Ashish Kyal, CMT, Founder and CEO of Waves Strategy Advisors Tube Investments of India | CMP: Rs 4,486 Tube Investments of India is consolidating in a range of Rs 4,540-4,350 since October 16, indicating accumulation in the stock. In the previous session, prices tested the important support level around Rs 4,350 and bounced back, reflecting increasing bullishness in the underlying. However, the stock still failed to break out above the upper end of the range. A decisive breakout above Rs 4,540 is required for positive momentum to continue. In summary, the current trend for Tube Investments of India is bullish. A breach above Rs 4,540 could lift prices towards Rs 4,735, followed by Rs 4,930, as long as the Rs 4,350 level holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,735, Rs 4,930 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,350 ICICI Bank | CMP: Rs 1,267.5 On the daily chart, ICICI Bank has not closed below its previous day’s low since October 18, suggesting increasing bullishness in the underlying. After reversing from the channel support, prices have gained more than 5 percent, despite the Bank Nifty falling. In the previous session, the stock managed to close above the middle Bollinger band. Follow-up buying is required to confirm that the trend is in favour of the bulls. Additionally, the RSI (Relative Strength Index) is trading at the 55 level, which gives prices the space to trend further. In summary, the current trend for ICICI Bank is positive. A decisive break above Rs 1,285 could lift prices higher towards Rs 1,325, followed by Rs 1,365, as long as the Rs 1,235 level holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,325, Rs 1,365 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,235 Unichem Laboratories | CMP: Rs 855.75 In the previous session, Unichem Laboratories surged by 13 percent in a single trading session. On the daily chart, prices faced support from the baseline (red) of the Ichimoku cloud and bounced back. Currently, almost all indicators are in overbought territory, so one should avoid catching tops and should use dips as a buying opportunity. The current trend for Unichem Laboratories is positive. Use dips towards Rs 835-845 as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 870-880, as long as Rs 795 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 870, Rs 880 Stop-Loss: Rs 795 Om Mehra, Technical Analyst at Samco Securities Phoenix Mills | CMP: Rs 1,584 Phoenix Mills has recently formed a notable Bullish Gartley pattern on the daily chart, suggesting a potential trend reversal near its current levels. The stock touched an intraday high of Rs 1,605 and a low of Rs 1,491, closing at Rs 1,580, reflecting a 0.74 percent gain on Tuesday. This Harmonic pattern, with its key points of retracement and extension, indicates a support zone around Rs 1,550, which could act as a springboard for upward movement. Meanwhile, the RSI remains below 40, signaling that the stock is nearing oversold territory, adding to the possibility of a bounce back. Hence, based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP Rs 1,584. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,720 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,520 Dr Lal PathLabs | CMP: Rs 3,309.9 Dr Lal Pathlabs has been trading in a consolidation phase following a sustained uptrend. A notable ascending trendline provides key support near the Rs 3,280 level, making this a critical zone for the stock. The 100-day simple moving average (SMA) at Rs 3,127 highlights a long-term bullish outlook. With the RSI at 44, the stock is nearing oversold territory and might attempt a potential reversal. A decisive break above Rs 3,350 will signal potential upward momentum and heightened buying interest in the near term. Hence, based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP Rs 3,310. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,600 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,170. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks for Samvat 2081: Nirmal Bang bets on Archean Chemical, LTTS, Jyoti Resins, others [/INST] The full article is as follows: Archean Chemicals | Despite a slowdown in bromine, the company but expects growth from bromine derivatives and newly acquired Oren Hydrocarbon. Delayed shipments affected Q1FY25 industrial salt performance, but recovery is expected. Sales from a second-grade SOP pilot plant are projected by Q3. Analysts expect topline growth of ~16% from FY24-27, with a target price of Rs 823/share. Fineotex Chemical | The company is poised for continued growth, with plans to expand capacity by 40K MTPA in two phases by FY25. It raised Rs 343 Cr to support its long-term expansion through organic and inorganic routes. Focused on sustainable products, Fineotex aims to maintain strong financials and healthy return ratios (ROCE 34.3%, ROE 29.9%), driving future growth and profitability. Five Star Business Finance | The company is well-positioned to capture growth in the underserved business loan market with its focus on secured loans to unbanked, self-employed individuals. With an average loan ticket size of Rs 3.5 Lakh, secured by self-occupied residential properties, and a robust 28% AUM CAGR expected over FY24-27E, Five Star has built a resilient model in a difficult segment. The company’s strong RoA (8%) and RoE (19%) for FY25E highlight its profitability potential. Analysts recommend a 'BUY' with a target of Rs 1,165, driven by higher return ratios and stable credit costs. Garware Hi-Tech Films (GHFL) | The company is poised to capture growth in India's expanding premium vehicle market by leveraging its strong network of 650+ OEM dealerships and 120+ channel partners. The increasing demand for premium protective films (PPF) driven by SUV, luxury car, and EV sales, as well as the China-plus-one strategy for shrink film manufacturing, positions GHFL for robust future growth. With ongoing capacity expansion of 300 LSF to meet demand, and a shift to higher-margin, value-added products (89% of revenue in FY24), the company's long-term prospects remain strong. The firm recommends a ‘BUY’ with a price target of Rs 4,848, offering a 20% upside. Jyoti Resins (JRAL) | The company is well-positioned for continued growth with its strong presence across 14 states in India and plans to expand into new regions, including New Delhi and UP. The company aims to further increase its market share by adding branches and distributors, while also enhancing storage capacity to support future growth. The firm's EBITDA margins are expected to normalize due to decreasing raw material costs, JRAL’s growth prospects remain robust, with projected revenue growth of 18% CAGR from FY24-26E. L&amp;amp;T Technology Services (LTTS) | The firm is poised for recovery, maintaining its FY25 growth guidance of 8-10%. The company is focused on digitization demand in the ER&amp;amp;D space and expects strong traction in key verticals. Recent large deals, milestone payments from a $100 million cybersecurity project. Additionally, LTTS is actively exploring inorganic growth opportunities in automotive, hyperscalers, and healthcare sectors. With a net cash position of Rs 1,114 crore and an attractive valuation at a P/E of 32x FY26E earnings, analysts recommended a ‘BUY’ with solid prospects for growth. Macpower CNC Machines | The 8th largest CNC machine manufacturer in India, is set for significant growth, driven by its expanded capacity to 2,000 machines and strong industrial capex. With a booming manufacturing sector and demand for import substitution, the CNC industry is expected to grow at 20% CAGR. Macpower, with its market share of ~1%, is positioned to benefit from this trend, as evidenced by its robust order book of Rs 283 crore (+60% YoY). Analysts project 28% topline and 44% bottom-line growth over FY24-26E and value the stock at Rs 1,800 based on 36x FY26E EPS. REC | The GOI entity, is well-positioned to capitalize on India’s power and infrastructure expansion. With plans to add 360GW of capacity by FY30 and a growing focus on green financing, REC’s AUM is projected to rise to Rs 6 lakh crore by FY25 (+17% YoY) and Rs 10 lakh crore by FY28-29, with renewable projects making up 30% of its portfolio. With NNPAs down to 0.8%, REC is in a strong financial position. The brokerage values the stock at 2.0x Sep 2026 BVPS, setting a target price of Rs 776. Sai Silks Kalamandir (SSKL) | The leading apparel retailer in South India operates 62 stores across 6.53 lakh sq. ft., with diverse formats catering to various market segments. The company is expanding its premium Varamahalakshmi format, which is expected to enhance margins and reduce dependency on lower-margin segments. Despite a 12.3% YoY revenue decline in Q1FY25 due to fewer wedding dates, SSKL maintained gross margins at 41% and anticipates a recovery in Q2FY25. With plans to expand to 8.2 lakh sq. ft. by FY26E, analysts value the stock at an attractive EV/EBITDA of 8.3x FY26E EBITDA, recommending a BUY with a target price of Rs 281 (14x EV/EBITDA on FY26E). Transformers &amp;amp; Rectifiers India Limited (TRIL) | The prominent transformer manufacturer with a capacity of 40,000 MVA, is well-positioned to capitalize on India's surging power demand and the green energy transition. With plans to expand capacity by an additional 15,000 MVA for renewable transformers, TRIL is set to become the largest transformer company in India by December 2024. The company boasts a robust order book of Rs 3,500 Cr (2.7x FY24 revenue) and a pipeline of Rs 17,500 Cr, supported by opportunities in railways, green hydrogen, and data centers. Analysts anticipate TRIL's revenue and profit to grow at CAGRs of 49% and 122%, respectively, over FY24-27E. Valued at 40x FY26 EPS, we set a target price of Rs 1,070, reflecting a premium due to its strong growth potential.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: IndusInd Bank Q2 preview: NII, profit to rise in single-digits YoY, margins may moderate [/INST] The full article is as follows: IndusInd Bank is set to deliver a modest July-September quarter (Q2FY25) performance as rising cost of deposits will outpace yield on advances, said analysts. The private lender will release its Q2 scorecard on October 24, 2024. According to Moneycontrol poll of six brokerage estimates, IndusInd Bank's net interest income is likely to rise by 9 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 5,533 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 5,077 crore in the year-ago period. The lender's profit-after-tax (PAT) is expected to grow by a modest 4 percent YoY to Rs 2,207 crore in Q2FY25 versus 2,181 crore in Q2FY24. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy loan, deposit growth: Motilal Oswal analysts expect IndusInd Bank to deliver healthy loan and deposit growth in the September quarter. Loans are expected to grow by 15 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 3.6 lakh crore in Q2FY25, while deposits are pegged to rise by 14 percent YoY to Rs 4.1 lakh crore. Margin moderation: Prabhudas Lilladher analysts expect margins to contract by 21 basis points (bps) YoY to 4.6 percent in Q2FY25 from 4.8 percent in Q2FY24. The rising cost of deposits outpacing yield on advances is expected to subsequently weigh on margins during the quarter. Worsening asset quality: Prabhudas Lilladher analysts sees IndusInd Bank's asset quality to worsen to 4.6 percent in Q2FY25, as compared to 1.93 percent in the year-ago period. Credit costs are expected to increase by 3 basis points sequentially. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Key monitorable would be outlook on loan growth, pace of cost of funds, and asset quality outlook. In the July-September period, shares of IndusInd Bank slipped 1 percent, underperforming Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Finance sees margin recovery as cost of funds peak, more investment in new business lines [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bajaj Finance delivered mixed results for the July-September quarter but expressed optimism about margin recovery in the coming quarters. During its analyst conference call, the management highlighted that the cost of funds (CoF) has likely peaked, paving the way for margin improvement. “We expect Net Interest Margins (NIMs) to stabilise at current levels, with a gradual shift toward our secured portfolio,” the management noted. They added that lower default rates and recent underwriting actions have provided relief on credit costs. Additionally, a 25-basis-point repo rate cut could further enhance margins by 10-20 bps. The company plans to reinvest margin gains into new business lines, which currently contribute 2-3 percent of Assets Under Management (AUM), while also driving operational efficiency. ALSO READ: Bajaj Finance Q2 net profit rises 13% to Rs 4,000 crore, misses estimates In Q2FY25, Bajaj Finance’s CoF increased by 3 basis points (bps) sequentially to 7.97 percent, indicating a possible plateau. Net Interest Income (NII) surged 23 percent YoY to Rs 8,838 crore, compared to Rs 7,196 crore in Q2FY24. Meanwhile, the AUM grew by 29 percent YoY to Rs 3.7 lakh crore as of September 30, 2024, from Rs 2.9 lakh crore a year earlier. However, elevated loan losses impacted profitability and Return on Assets (ROA). Consolidated net profit rose 13 percent YoY to Rs 4,000 crore, up from Rs 3,551 crore in Q2FY24, but asset quality remained under pressure. As of September 30, 2024, Gross NPA and Net NPA stood at 1.06 percent and 0.46 percent, respectively, compared to 0.91 percent and 0.31 percent a year ago, reflecting some deterioration in asset quality.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hyundai Motor India disappoint investors on debut, shares close 7% down [/INST] The full article is as follows: Hyundai Motor India, the country's second-largest car maker after Maruti Suzuki, disappointed investors on its debut on the bourses, as shares fell more than 7 percent at close on October 22. The stock opened at Rs 1,934, down 1.3 percent from its issue price of Rs 1,960 on the National Stock Exchange. It touched an intraday high of Rs 1,970, and low of Rs 1,807, before closing the first session at Rs 1,819.60, down 7.16 percent. On the BSE, the stock finished at Rs 1,820.4, down 7.12 percent after hitting a day's high of Rs 1,968.8 and low of Rs 1,870.05. In terms of volume, Hyundai Motor India traded with 2.86 crore equity shares on the NSE, and 15.86 lakh shares on the BSE. The Indian unit of the South Korean parent Hyundai Motor Company is valued at Rs 1.47 lakh crore now, against Rs 1.59 lakh crore at the issue price. Also read: India growth story robust, not concerned about near-term pressures in auto industry, says Hyundai's Tarun Garg Hyundai Motor India raised Rs 27,870 crore through the country's biggest-ever initial share sale last week, which was entirely an offer-for-sale of 14.21 crore equity shares by its parent firm. Hence, the entire issue proceeds (excluding IPO expenses) were received by the promoter. The price band for the issue was Rs 1,865-1,960 per share. Post-issue, Hyundai Motor Company holds 82.50 percent stake in its Indian unit and the remaining shareholding of 17.5 percent is owned by public shareholders. Also read: Hyundai IPO, India’s biggest share sale, is also its most expensive Domestic institutional investors hold 5.78 percent shares in the carmaker with HDFC Mutual Fund (1.73 percent) and Life Insurance Corporation of India (1.21 percent) being the largest amongst them, while foreign institutional investors hold 7.36 percent stake. The total shareholding by retail investors stands at 3.86 percent in the company.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Nifty at over 2-month low, Sensex tanks 931 pts amid broad-based sell-off [/INST] The full article is as follows: Extended selling in the broader markets, poor global cues and weak sectoral performance weighed on the Indian benchmark indices on October 22, dragging the Nifty below 24,500. At close, the Sensex was down 930.55 points or 1.15 percent at 80,220.72, and the Nifty was down 309.00 points or 1.25 percent at 24,472.10. Adani Enterprises, M&amp;amp;M, Bharat Electronics, Coal India, Tata Steel were among the top losers on the Nifty, while gainers included ICICI Bank, Nestle India, Infosys. All the sectoral indices ended in the red with auto, capital goods, metal, power, realty, telecom, media and PSU bank down 2-3 percent. BSE Midcap index shed 2.5 percent and Smallcap index declined 3.8 percent. More than 160 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, GFL, IFB Industries, Indigo Paints, Maharashtra Scooters, MCX India, Orient Cement, Pilani Investments, SJS Enterprises, Torrent Power, Unichem Labs, Whirlpool, among others. Click To View More On the other hand, more than 150 stock touched their 52-low on the BSE, including, Anupam Rasayan, Aptech, Coffee Day, CSB Bank, Easy Trip Planners, Equitas Bank, HLE Glascoat, IDFC First Bank, IndusInd Bank, ITI, Mishra Dhatu Nigam, MTAR Technologies, PNC Infratech, RBL Bank, Repro India, Satin Credit, Shalimar Paints, Shankara Building, Sheela Foam, Tanla Platforms, Ujjivan Small, Vodafone Idea, Zee Entertainment, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 23 Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap up however as the day progressed selling pressure intensified, and Nifty closed down ~309 points. On the daily charts Nifty has slipped decisively below the 20-week average (24718) which is a sign of weakness. Daily and hourly momentum indicators possess a negative crossover which is a sell signal. Thus, both price and momentum indicator suggest towards weakness. On the downside, we expect the Nifty to drift towards 24000 where there is a high concentration of open interest on the put side implying support. On the upside, 24900 – 25000 shall act as a crucial resistance from short term perspective. Bank Nifty which was holding on till yesterday also broke down and witnessed a sharp selling pressure. We expect weakness to have a rub off effect on the Banking stocks as well. On the downside, support is placed at 51000 below which it can slip towards 50200. On the upside 51800 – 51900 shall act as an immediate hurdle zone. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares: Mayhem continued in the Mid and Smallcap segments which led to a freefall across the board and without any pullback move, the Index compounded its losses throughout the day to end the trade at 24,472.10 with a loss of 309 points. All the sectors ended in the red where PSU Banks and Realty were the major laggards. The weak link of the markets i.e. Mid and Smallcaps tumbled by 2.61% &amp;amp; 3.92% and underperformed the Frontline Index. In the series of lower highs and lower lows, the Index has made another bearish candle, indicating the tightening of the bear's grip. Considering the oversold conditions in the Mid and Smallcap segments, a short-term bounce can be expected in the markets which may push the Index higher but the upside seems to be capped at 24,670, while on the flip side, the Index is close to its support zone of 24,370-24,430.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: 10 stocks that moved the most on October 22 [/INST] The full article is as follows: The Sensex and Nifty extended their losses by nearly 1 percent in the last hours of trade on October 22, with all sectoral indices adding to the pressure. Oil &amp;amp; gas, auto, and metal stocks led the losses in Nifty. Indian markets have been struggling amid a lacklustre earnings season, persistent FII selling, and global market weakness, particularly due to the ongoing Middle East conflict. Hyundai Motor India | CMP Rs 1,815 | Shares of the newly-listed company fell as much as 7 percent on its stock market debut on October 22. The company’s IPO, the largest in India’s history, also experienced significant volatility in its grey market premium (GMP). According to platforms tracking GMP trends, the premium for Hyundai Motor India's shares dropped sharply into negative territory last week. Varun Beverages | CMP Rs 594 | Shares jumped 3 percent from the red after the PepsiCo bottler reported a 22 percent rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs 630 crore in September 2024 quarter. This is the third quarter result of the PepsiCo for the 2024 calendar year. The management credited the company’s growth to the contributions from BevCo, supported by a wider distribution network, greater product reach, and strong demand in key markets. PNC Infratech | CMP Rs 342 | Shares slipped as much as 7 percent and extended losses after the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) disqualified it from participating in tenders for one year, starting October 18. The CBI had initiated an investigation against the company in June and apprehended four of its employees for bribing NHAI officials with Rs 10,000 lakh in exchange for final approval, a no objection certificate (NOC), and the processing of the final bill for NHAI's Jhansi-Khajuraho project. City Union Bank | CMP Rs 168 | Shares surged 12 percent as the private sector lender's earnings for the quarter were above expectations on October 22. International brokerage Investec maintained its buy call, with a price target of Rs 200 per share, indicating a 33 percent upside. The Q2 results were better across all metrics: growth, profitability and asset quality. Nitco | CMP Rs 114 | Shares fell 5 percent after it announced a sale of real estate assets, expansion of share capital, along with a preferential allotment to Authum Investment and a clutch of investors. The shareholder capital has been increased from Rs 230 crore to Rs 500 crore, with the tile maker converting its debt into equity shares as part of the business restructuring. Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers | CMP Rs 1,592 | Shares fell 12 percent as concerns about lofty valuations became more pronounced, growing uncertainties in defense stocks and the broader market prompted a wave of profit booking. This triggered a strong pullback, causing many defence stocks to retreat sharply from their record highs. Mazagon Dock | CMP Rs 4,206 | Once a darling of the market, defense stocks came under selling pressure yet again amid a broader sell-off in the small and mid-cap space. Stocks like Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, one of the top leaders of the defence rally over the past two years—were among the hardest hit, declining by 10 percent. Ambuja Cements | CMP Rs 561 | Shares fell 2 percent after it announced that it will acquire a 46.8 percent stake in Orient Cement Ltd, at an equity value of Rs 8,100 crore. The acquisition will be carried out in two stages: Ambuja Cements will acquire 38 percent from Orient Cement’s promoters and an additional 9 percent from certain public shareholders. However, the shares fell following the announcement. Authum Investment and Infra | CMP Rs 1,655 | Shares nosedived almost 12 percent on the bourses on October 22 after the company reported a disappointing performance in the second quarter of FY25. The non-banking financial company (NBFC) reported a sharp 49.2 percent year-on-year (YoY) drop in consolidated revenue from operations, which stood at Rs 1,092.62 crore for Q2FY25. Sequentially, revenue also declined 22.3 percent from Rs 1,416 crore posted in Q1FY25. Paytm | CMP Rs 684 | The counter fell up to 6 percent after the company reported September quarter results. The Vijay Shekhar Sharma-led firm clocked a net profit of Rs 930 crore in Q2FY25, compared to a net loss of Rs 290.5 crore during the same period last year. However, this turnaround was on account of a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore due to the sale of Paytm's movie ticketing business to Zomato.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock price will be determined by investors, says Tarun Garg on weak Hyundai Motor India listing [/INST] The full article is as follows: Hyundai Motor India's issue attracted strong interest from sovereign funds, insurance companies, and mutual funds. However, the stock price will ultimately be determined by investors, said Tarun Garg, chief operating officer of Hyundai Motor India on the back of a weak stock listing on the bourses. Hyundai Motor India shares made a weak debut on the exchanges on October 22 after listing at 1.32 percent discount at Rs 1,934 against its initial public offer (IPO) price of Rs 1,960 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). At 2:50 pm, the stock was trading 6.83 percent lower at Rs 1,826.2 on the NSE. Garg, in a media interaction, added that the size of the issue reflects the strong interest the company was able to generate from investors. Brokerage firm Emkay Global Financial Services initiated coverage on Hyundai Motor India with a 'reduce' rating citing lack of major launches, higher royalty, and lower treasury income as reasons. All of this put together is expected to restrict earnings per share (EPS) growth moving ahead, said the brokerage firm. While Macquarie has assigned an 'outperform' rating on the stock citing its diverse product portfolio and premium market positioning, which supports a higher P/E multiple compared to competitors. The brokerage firm said that Hyundai Motor India is well-positioned for medium-term growth because of a potential market share growth from upcoming launches. Demand from retail investors for the biggest-ever IPO by issue size was subdued. At the third day, Hyundai Motor India IPO was oversubscribed by 2.37 times. In this, qualified institutional buyer (QIB) subscription was at 6.97 times. The non-institutional investors (NII) witnessed a 60 percent booking, while the retail portion was booked at 50 percent. The Rs 27,870-crore Hyundai IPO is the largest in the country, surpassing LIC's Rs 21,000-crore issue size.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Jana Small Finance Bank crashes 11% on dismal Q2FY25 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Jana Small Finance Bank crashed 11 percent to Rs 454 per share on October 22 after it reported dismal September quarter results. In Q2FY25, the company's net profit dropped 21 percent YoY to Rs 96 crore, as compared to Rs 123 crore in the year-ago period. The bank's total expenditure also grew by 21.3 percent YoY to Rs 1,042 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 859 crore in Q2FY24. On the operational front, the lender's deposits grew 31 percent YoY in Q2FY25, whereas advances rose 17 percent YoY. Its capital adequacy ratio stood at 18.8 percent and liquidity coverage ratio remained strong at 261 percent. ALSO READ: Jana SFB introduces FD for short-term liquidity needs, offers 6.75% interest Jana Small Finance Bank is a small finance bank in India that focuses on providing financial services to underserved and un-banked sections of the population. It aims to cater to low- and middle-income individuals, small businesses, and micro-enterprises. The bank provides personal loans, business loans, and microfinance solutions along with fixed deposits and recurring deposits with attractive interest rates. Since its listing on February 14, 2024, Jana Small Finance Bank shares have gained 38.4 percent, compared to the Sensex's rise of 13 percent during the same period. Only 2 brokerages cover Jana SFB stock, wherein both of them have recommended a 'buy' rating.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate HDFC Bank; target of Rs 1934: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HDFC Bank Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 301,139 Mn, a growth of 10.0% YoY/ 0.9% QoQ. NII was in line with our estimates (-0.6% deviation). Pre-Provision Operating Profits (PPOP) grew 8.9% YoY (+3.4% QoQ) to INR 247,057 Mn, with operating income increasing by 9.2% YoY. PPOP was largely in line with our estimates (+1.7 % deviation). The net profit for Q2FY25 stood at INR 168,210 Mn, and there was a growth of 5.3% YoY (+4.0% QoQ), which was led by operating performance. The bank's strategic focus on expanding its retail credit portfolio, particularly in mortgages, alongside controlled credit costs and low NPAs, positions it well for future growth despite facing near-term challenges like rising deposit costs. Outlook We have assigned an Adj P/B multiple of 2.4x (earlier 2.2x) on the FY26E Adj Book value for the core banking business and subsidiaries value of INR 230 per share, resulting in a target price of INR 1,934 per share (earlier INR 1,860), an upside of 11.9% over the CMP. We have maintained our “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of HDFC Bank Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks | Titagarh Railsystems, Coal India, Bharti Hexacom among SBI Securities' top bets [/INST] The full article is as follows: Coal India | SBI Securities sees an over 20 percent upside potential in Coal India, as it assigned a price target of Rs 593 cor the stock. The brokerage remains impressed with Coal India's ambitious production targets for FY25/FY26, aiming for 838 million tonnes (mnt) and 1 billion tonnes, respectively, after achieving record production/offtake of 773.6 mnt/753.5 mnt in FY24. The company has made strides in infrastructure development through its First Mile Connectivity (FMC) projects, with 72 projects underway to enhance mechanized coal transportation, supported by a capex of Rs 24,750 crore. CIL is also working on cost control by phasing out unviable underground mines, and diversifying into non-coal minerals like graphite, a key material for electric vehicles and energy storage. &quot;At its current valuation, the stock trades at FY25E/FY26E EV/EBITDA multiples of 5.7x/5.2x with a 5.2% dividend yield, providing some downside protection,&quot; SBI Securities said. Macrotech Developers | SBI Securities highlights Lodha as a leading real estate developer with a strong brand and over 95 million sq. ft. delivered. The company has a diversified portfolio across residential, commercial, and warehousing, and is building a growing annuity income pool, targeting Rs 500 crore by FY26. Lodha has reduced its debt significantly, from Rs 23,363 crore in FY19 to Rs 7,680 crore in FY24, supported by strong cash flows. With a pre-sales growth target of 20% CAGR by FY26 and a robust launch pipeline, SBI values the stock at Rs 1,398, while noting risks like project delays and high debt. Bharti Hexacom | SBI Securities highlights Bharti Hexacom's strong presence in Rajasthan and North East telecom circles, serving 28 million customers as of March 2024. The company benefits from a solid infrastructure network, with 25,704 towers and 79,835 mobile broadband stations. Its relationship with Bharti Airtel provides synergies, including access to digital infrastructure and management expertise. Bharti Hexacom's acquisition of 15 MHz spectrum for Rs 1,000 crore strengthens long-term service offerings. With 13.6% revenue growth in 1QFY25 and robust ARPU, the company is expected to see a revenue CAGR of 18.9% through FY26, helping the stock touch Rs 1,747 in the coming year, SBI Securities believes. Key risks include high capex and regulatory challenges. Nippon Life AMC | SBI Securities highlights Nippon Life AMC's strong growth in equity and ETF AUM, which rose to 49.8% and 26.8% in June 2024, alongside a 64% rise in SIP AUM. The company expects double-digit AUM growth at 20%+ CAGR through FY24-26, driven by its retail franchise and low mutual fund penetration in India. Investments in distribution, especially in smaller cities and rural markets, are expected to further boost growth. The firm is also focusing on launching new products and expanding internationally. At current levels, SBI securities sees the stock's valuations as reasonable and anticipates it touch Rs 825 in the coming 12 months. Escorts Kubota | The company boasts a diversified product portfolio, offering tractors ranging from 12 HP to 120 HP, with three manufacturing plants and a capacity of over 1.2 million units annually. It also leads the domestic market for hydraulic mobile cranes. &quot;With a pan-India distribution network of 1,200+ dealers, Escorts Kubota is expanding its presence in Southern and Western markets. Its partnership with Kubota Ltd aims to boost exports, targeting 63 countries, and plans for export-specific products in Europe by 3QFY25,&quot; SBI Securities said. The brokerage also expects a cyclical recovery in the domestic tractor industry in 2HFY25, driven by favorable agricultural conditions. At current levels, the stock trades at a reasonable P/E of 29.6x/25.8x FY25E/FY26E with a projected earnings growth of 16% CAGR over FY24-26E, prompting SBI Securities to assign a price target of Rs 4,408. GSK Pharma | SBI Securities highlights GSK's leadership in the vaccine market, with Boostrix and Infanrix commanding 89% and 50% market share, respectively, as of FY24. Despite an 8% YoY slowdown in 1QFY25, key brands like Havrix and Boostrix posted strong growth, while Shingrix saw a 17% QoQ rise, reaching 7,000 patients monthly. GenMed, contributing 79% of revenue, grew 10%, driven by brands like Augmentin and Calpol. Future growth is expected from oncology brands Zejula and Jemperli. GSK's digital transformation and omnichannel strategy have doubled engagement with healthcare professionals. With plans for double-digit growth, the company aims to maintain EBITDA margins at 28%-29%. Factoring these in, SBI Securities assigned a price target of Rs 3,195 for the stock. Key risks include regulatory changes and rising raw material costs. Chalet Hotels | SBI Securities highlights that Chalet Hotels boasts a diversified asset portfolio encompassing hospitality, commercial space, and residential real estate, with the hospitality segment generating the majority of its revenue. SBI Securities believes CHL's robust pipeline will increase its hospitality keys by approximately 28% and office space by 37% by FY27, supported by a total capex plan of Rs 1,500 crore. Furthermore, the firm notes CHL's healthy financial track record, with a CAGR of 9.6% in revenue and significant improvements in EBITDA margin and debt-equity ratio, reinforcing its operational strength and growth potential. Newgen Software Technologies | SBI Securities highlights that the company is an R&amp;amp;D-focused organization with 32 years of experience in software product development across 17 verticals, primarily in Banking &amp;amp; Financial Services, Insurance, and Government. With 45 patents filed and 24 granted, it operates in a competitive market, with deal sizes ranging from $0.7 to $2 million. SBI Securities believes the strong performance in 2QFY25—where Revenue, EBITDA, and PAT rose 23.2%, 45.1%, and 47.1% YoY—underscores its robust growth across key markets. The brokerage is optimistic about the company’s ambitious target of achieving $500 million (~Rs 4,000 crore) in revenue within the next 3-4 years, projecting a 20-25% CAGR during this period. It has given a price target of Rs 1,475 for the stock. Titagarh Railsystems | SBI Securities emphasises the company's robust outlook in freight rail and passenger rolling stock (PRS), noting that despite a slow start in 1QFY25 due to adverse weather and the election season, management is targeting production of 950-1,000 freight wagons per month for the remainder of FY25. In the PRS segment, SBI Securities projects significant growth in FY26 and FY27, bolstered by Vande Bharat orders, aiming for production of 15-20 cars per month by 3QFY25 and scaling up to 72 cars monthly over the next three years. The current order book stands at Rs 14,117 crore, representing 3.7 times FY24 sales. SBI Securities also views the stock as reasonably valued, underpinned by strong growth potential from increasing demand and favorable policy support, thereby assigning it a price target of Rs 1,510. PG Electroplast | SBI Securities notes strong demand trends in the domestic RAC industry, with a 41% YoY volume growth in 1HCY2024, benefiting companies like PG Electroplast through higher capacity utilization and low inventory levels. The company's successful diversification into air coolers, washing machines, and TVs reduces seasonality impacts. The formation of a joint venture, Goodworth Electronics, enhances TV manufacturing capabilities. Backward integration, covering around 70% of materials, along with the PLI scheme, supports margin stability. With a growing customer base expanding from 12 to 30 brands, the company has reduced customer concentration risks. Further, SBI Securities believes the company's premium valuation is warranted by its high growth potential and expansion plans and sees the stock testing Rs 735 in the near future. Kilburn Engineering | SBI Securities emphasizes that the company stands as a market leader in the industrial dryer sector, leveraging over 40 years of experience and boasting more than 3,000 installations across 15 industries, including chemicals, pharma, oil and gas, and FMCG. The recent acquisition of ME Energy, a specialist in energy-saving heating and cooling systems, further solidifies the company’s market position and broadens its product offerings. SBI Securities notes that the company raised approximately Rs 300 crore through a mix of warrants and a preferential share issue at Rs 425 per share to finance this acquisition and manage its debt. This funding will also support capital expenditures, investments in subsidiaries, and working capital requirements. SBI Securities highlights the company's robust financial outlook, citing a consolidated order book of Rs 371 crore, which gives the brokerage confidence of the stock touching Rs 532 in the coming time. Arvind Fashions | SBI Securities highlights that AFL operates with an asset-light business model, sourcing products from third-party vendors, which allows it to leverage its extensive scale and strong supplier network to negotiate better margins. The company primarily follows the Franchise Owned Franchise Operated (FOFO) model for expansion, requiring minimal capital investment. It further notes that the company's premiumization strategy, focusing on five key brands to achieve Net Sell Values (NSV) exceeding Rs 1,000 crore, in addition to U.S. Polo Assn. has surpassed Rs 2,000 crore NSV. The company aims to increase its retail share from 44% to 50% by FY27 and diversify into adjacent categories such as kidswear, footwear, womenswear, innerwear, and accessories. Buoyed by these growth prospects, SBI Securities assigned a price target of Rs 725 for the stock.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: SBI Life Q2 preview: APE likely to grow 6% YoY led by new policy premiums, margins to slightly dip [/INST] The full article is as follows: SBI Life Insurance Company is set to announce its July-September quarter (Q2FY25) results on October 23. Analysts anticipate the life insurer will post double-digit year-on-year profit growth for the quarter, driven by strong growth in both renewal premiums and new business premiums. According to a Moneycontrol poll of estimates from five brokerages, SBI Life is expected to report a 6 percent year-on-year (YoY) increase in Annualised Premium Equivalent (APE) to Rs 5,553 crore in Q2FY25, up from Rs 5,230 crore in the same period last year. APE, which reflects premiums from various policies on an annualised basis, is a key growth indicator. This robust APE performance is anticipated to boost SBI Life's Value of New Business (VNB)—a measure of the profitability of newly sold policies—by 2 percent YoY, rising to Rs 1,524 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 1,490 crore in Q2FY24. What factors are driving the earnings? New Business Premium: Analysts anticipate steady growth in SBI Life's new business premium income for the September-ended quarter. Axis Securities projects a 43 percent sequential increase and a marginal 0.1 percent year-on-year (YoY) rise in NBP for Q2FY25. NBP represents the premium income generated from new policies issued during a specific period. VNB to aid margins: Motilal Oswal analysts predicted that a consistent VNB growth is expected to aid sequential expansion in margins in the September-ended quarter. The firm pegged VNB margins to expand to 28 percent in Q2FY25 versus 26.8 percent in Q1FY25, but slight contraction is seen from 28.5 percent in Q2FY24. AUM growth: Motilal Oswal analysts pegged SBI Life's AUM to rise by a staggering 25 percent YoY to Rs 4.3 lakh crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 3.4 lakh crore in the year-ago period. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Management commentary on growth, product mix and margins will be key to watch out for. Sluggish growth in the SBI channel has been an area of concern, making the outlook in this area crucial. In the July-September quarter, shares of SBI Life surged over 22 percent, significantly beating benchmark Nifty 50's 1 percent rise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Dalmia Bharat; target of Rs 2073 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Dalmia Bharat Dalmia Bharat (DALBHARA) reported weak performance in Q2FY25 led by sharp fall in average realization and higher other costs. Average NSR declined sharp 6% QoQ as cement prices weakened the most in East and South regions (5-7% QoQ) and trade mix declined to 63%. Volumes grew 8.4% YoY as the company continued to supply the central region from its plants in eastern region. Going forward, as cement demand improves in H2, we expect performance to improve aided by better pricing and volumes. As current capacity utilization is below 60%, near-term volume growth is not a concern. The company will continue to supply material to the fast growing central region from its eastern plants through the dealer network created, which may weigh on freight costs. Mgmt reiterated its medium-term target of reaching 75mtpa by FY28E and would announce its capex plan in the next 9 months. Outlook We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 11%/14%/21% over FY24-27E. As we reduce capex assumptions, EPS gets upgraded. At CMP, the stock is trading at 10.4x/9.3x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. We maintain ‘ACCUMULATE’ rating with TP of Rs2,073 valuing at 11x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Ultratech Cement; target of Rs 12,401 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Ultratech Cement Ultratech Cement (UTCEM) reported poor operating performance in Q2FY25. Cement volumes grew just 3% YoY in the quarter affected by severe monsoon and weak demand. EBITDA/t declined 20% YoY on higher maintenance shutdown costs and one-time bonuses to employees. NSR was flat, despite sharp fall in prices across few regions due to its well-balanced portfolio of capacities across regions. Post festivities, as we enter the construction phase, cement demand is expected to improve aided by GoI’s continued thrust on building infrastructure and higher rural housing demand (post good monsoon). As high-cost fuel contracts have come to an end, UTCEM’s power &amp;amp; fuel cost would decline over the next few quarters. With its 16mtpa capacity getting commissioned in FY25E, we expect UTCEM to grow faster than industry once demand recovers. Cost efficiencies are expected to improve for UTCEM over next few years led by increase in green power mix, AFR %, blending ratio, and higher volumes, driving operating leverage. We cut FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 7%/6%/4% incorporating lower volumes and pricing. Outlook We expect UTCEM revenue/ EBITDA/ PAT to deliver CAGR of 13%/20%/23% over FY24-27E. The stock is trading at EV of 16x/13.9x FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ with revised TP of Rs12,401 (earlier Rs13,084) valuing at 17x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy City Union Bank; target of Rs 190 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on City Union Bank CUB saw a strong quarter with beat on loan growth, NIM, core PPoP and asset quality. Healthy loan growth of 4.8% QoQ was led by traditional segments as improved TAT due to technological improvements is driving better credit flow. Efforts to shore up secured retail segments i.e. housing, LAP and co-lending are underway and these segments may contribute 2-3% to loans by FY26. Due to headwinds in unsecured retail, it is not a focused segment. NIM enhanced by 13bps QoQ as bank could negotiate higher rates on certain MCLR loans. Yields may further improve while cost of funds could remain stable. Owing to higher than expected base yields, we raise NIM for FY25/26E by 6/7bps which would be neutralized by increase in provisions since aim is to further the increase PCR. Outlook We maintain multiple at 1.4x but as we roll forward to Sep’26 ABV, we raise TP to Rs190 from Rs185. Upgrade to ‘BUY’ from ‘ACCUMULATE’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Larsen and Toubro Finance Holdings; target of Rs 200: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Larsen and Toubro Finance Holdings Net earnings were almost in line due to a better performance by retail segment except MFI, higher other income, lower opex and credit cost. It also kept RoA steady. AUM growth was better than expected levels despite tightening filter for the MFI segment. Home loans, SME finance, consumer loans and LAP performed well and likely to do continue. Overall, it was a challenging quarter for the MFI and rural segments, but management expects recovery and healthy conditions in H2FY25. Annualised credit cost increased due to overleveraging in the MFI segment, regulatory headwinds and other unsecured loans. However, it was below our estimates. GS-3 was slightly higher at 3.19% as of September 30, 2024, from 3.14% as of June 30, 2024. Outlook LTFH continues to progress in the retail segment and likely to improve for the MFI segment from here on. We maintain a Buy rating with a revised PT of Rs. 200. At CMP, the stock trades at 1.4x/1.3x its FY2025E/FY2026E BV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Rossari Biotech; target of Rs 1085: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Rossari Biotech With a diversified product portfolio and a strong balance sheet, we believe Rossari Biotech is well positioned to capitalise on emerging opportunities and drive healthy growth in coming years. We expect it is likely to deliver 18%/22%/25% revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGRs over FY25-27 due to swelling demand, capacity expansion and mounting exports. Outlook We expect a consistently better performance aided by capacity expansion, product launches and better margins. We value the stock at 25x FY27e EPS at a TP of Rs1,085. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Hyundai Motor; target of Rs 2345 : Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Hyundai Motor Hyundai Motors India (HMI) holds a diverse portfolio mix that covers almost 87% of India’s passenger vehicle (PV) market. HMI boasts a healthy domestic market share in several fast-growing segments, with 34%/20%/18% share in the mid-size SUVs/compact SUVs/premium compact car segments. HMI is well-aligned with the domestic PV industry trends, as 63% of its mix comes from utility vehicles (UVs). HMI receives extensive support from its parent, Hyundai Motor Company (HMC), in the areas of management, R&amp;amp;D, design, supply chain, et al. HMC’s inherent strengths in emerging mobility domains can be effectively leveraged for the Indian market, which remains one of HMI’s core strengths. HMI has emerged as India's second-largest PV exporter, with significant growth opportunities on the horizon. Following a projected moderation in FY25, we anticipate HMI to report 17% EPS CAGR over FY25-27. We ascribe a slight premium to HMI over Maruti Suzuki (MSIL), given: 1) HMC’s technological prowess in emerging technologies that can be adapted to domestic requirements; 2) superior financial metrics; 3) a relatively premium brand perception; and 4) better alignment with industry trends. Outlook We initiate coverage on HMI with a BUY rating and a TP of INR2,345, premised on 27x Sep’26E earnings (vs. 26x for MSIL). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Zee Entertainment; target of Rs 145: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Zee Entertainment Zee Entertainment’s (Zee) revenue continued the declining trend as 2QFY25 revenue fell 18% YoY (5% miss) on softer advertising revenue (-8% YoY, 1% miss) and lower revenue from other sales and services (-77% YoY on a high base (2QFY24 boosted by Gadar 2 release). However, Zee’s strong control over costs and a further reduction in Zee5 losses led to 18%/15% QoQ jump in EBITDA/adj. PAT (21%/35% beat). The management indicated that advertising revenue saw pick-up in Sep’24, which should continue in 3Q with the onset of the festive season. However, a strong and sustainable pick-up in rural consumption is required to maintain healthy ad revenue momentum beyond 3Q. Outlook we await the outcome of the ongoing litigation for ICC rights with Star before we turn more constructive on Zee. We retain our neutral rating with a TP of INR145. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Wipro; target of Rs 500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Wipro Wipro (WPRO) reported 2QFY25 IT Services revenue of USD2.6b (0.6% QoQ) in constant currency (CC), 60bp above our estimate. It posted an order intake of USD3.6b (+9.6% QoQ), with a large deal TCV of USD1.5b (+30% QoQ). EBIT margin of IT Services was 16.8% (est. 16.0%). EBITDA rose 2.7% QoQ/7.8% YoY to INR46b (est. INR44b). PAT stood at INR32b (+6.8% QoQ/+21.3% YoY), above our est. of INR29b. For 1HFY25, revenue declined 2.3%, whereas EBIT/PAT grew 7.9%/12.8% compared to 1HFY24. WPRO’s has provided muted guidance for 3QFY25, as it expects USD CC revenue performance in the range of -2.0% to 0.0% QoQ. Outlook We have raised our FY25E EPS by ~2% to factor in the margin beat and kept FY26E/FY27E EPS broadly unchanged after its 2Q print. We reiterate our Neutral rating as we view the current valuation as fair. Our TP of INR500 implies 20x Sep’26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1700: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tech Mahindra Tech Mahindra (TECHM) reported 2QFY25 revenue of USD1.6b, up 0.7% QoQ in constant currency (CC) vs. our estimate of 0.2% QoQ CC. The growth was driven by Retail/Technology (up 5.6%/5.7% sequentially). Communication/BFSI also witnessed growth of 2.7%/2.4% QoQ, while Manufacturing declined 4% QoQ. EBIT margin expanded 110bp QoQ at 9.6%, beating our estimates of 9.0%. Adj. PAT stood at INR12.5b (est. INR10b), up 46% QoQ/28% YoY due to operating leverage and higher other income. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 1.1%/13.7%/8.7% vs. 1HFY24. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow by 4%/44%/27% YoY in 2HFY25. Deal TCV was USD603m, up 13% QoQ/ down 6% YoY. Outlook We remain on the sidelines as we feel the current valuation fairly factors in the uncertainties around growth and margin. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock and upgrade our target multiple to 25x Sep’26 EPS. Our TP of INR1,700 implies a 1% upside. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Tata Communications; target of Rs 1790: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tata Communications Tata Communications (TCOM) reported weak results with consolidated EBITDA declining 1% QoQ (5% miss) and margins contracting 60bp QoQ to 19.4%. The reported revenue/EBITDA were boosted by INR865m prior period revenue recognition. Reported data revenue grew 3% QoQ (inline) with a modest 2.5% QoQ growth in core-connectivity and ~4% QoQ growth in digital portfolio, driven by 34% QoQ growth in Incubation. DPS revenue grew modest ~1.5% QoQ. TCOM management indicated that the order book was up 25% YoY in 2Q on account of large deal wins with OTTs and hyper-scalers as well as the highest order booking in five years in international business. The funnel continues to remain robust, though funnel additions have been subdued. Management has maintained its ambition of doubling data revenue by FY27 and bringing EBITDA margins back to 23-25% over the medium term. Outlook We lower our SoTP based TP to INR1,790 (implying a 1% downside) on EBITDA cut and higher net debt. The stock trades at ~20% premium to its LT average EV/EBITDA. We remain Neutral on the stock For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Tata Chemicals; target of Rs 1070: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tata Chemicals TTCH’s 2QFY25 consolidated EBITDA declined 25% YoY, due to lower realizations YoY, higher freight costs and unfavorable operating leverage across geographies, while sequentially it improved by 7.7% on recovery across geographies, except India.As per the management, soda ash prices have bottomed out (also last price cut was in Nov’23 for domestic market by TTCH) and can improve going ahead, with stable demand-supply scenario globally. We maintain our FY25/FY26 EBITDA estimates as we anticipate a steady recovery in the soda ash demand-supply scenario globally. Reiterate our Neutral rating with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,070. Outlook We expect 2HFY25 to witness further recovery in margins, led by healthy volume across geographies and favorable operating leverage. We reiterate our Neutral rating with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,070. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral RBL Bank; target of Rs 220: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on RBL Bank RBL Bank (RBK) reported 2QFY25 PAT of INR2.2b (12% miss, down 24% YoY), dragged down by high provisions. NII grew 9.5% YoY to INR16.2b (3% miss) as NIMs moderated 32bp QoQ to 5.35%. Advances grew at a modest 15.1% YoY/1.4% QoQ, while deposits increased by 6.5% QoQ (up 20.2% YoY). CASA mix improved to 33.6%. Fresh slippages increased to INR10.3b, mainly due to the microfinance and credit card (CC) segments. GNPA/NNPA ratios rose 19bp/5bp QoQ to 2.88%/0.79%. PCR moderated 15bp QoQ to 73%. Outlook We cut our EPS estimates by 20%/4% for FY25/FY26 and estimate FY26 RoA/RoE at 1.0%/10.7%. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR220 (premised on 0.8x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Nestlé India; target of Rs 2400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Nestlé India Nestle India (Nestle) reported weak revenue growth of 1% YoY (est. 6%) in 2QFY25. Last eight-quarter average revenue growth was 10%. Domestic sales grew 1% YoY, impacted by muted demand and higher commodity prices. Beverage, toddlers’ range and milkmaid posted high double-digit growth, while KitKat saw high single-digit growth. Thereby, prepared dishes, parts of the milk products and chocolates would have been the key drag in 2Q. Export revenue increased by 3% YoY. GM was flat YoY at 56.6% (est. 57.0%). GP was up only by 2% YoY. Input prices are seeing inflation, with coffee and cocoa prices remaining elevated. Cereals, grains (MSP-led) and edible oil are also seeing inflationary trends. Prices are stable for milk and packaging. Due to a 6% increase in operating costs, EBITDA margin contracted by 150bp YoY. EBITDA declined 5% YoY to INR11.9b (est. INR13.4b). Lower other income (down 79% YoY) and higher depreciation (9% YoY up) further impacted profitability. Outlook The stock trades at an expensive valuation of 70x/62x FY25E/FY26E EPS. We reiterate our Neutral rating with a TP of INR2,400 (based on 60x P/E Sep’26E). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Mphasis; target of Rs 3400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Mphasis Mphasis (MPHL)’s 2QFY25 revenue was 2.5% QoQ in Constant Currency (CC), which was above our estimate (+2 % QoQ CC). Direct business grew 2.4%/6.2% QoQ/YoY in CC, aided by TMT and BFS. The Total Contract Value (TCV) was down 35% QoQ to USD207m. EBIT margin stood at 15.4%, beating our estimate by 10bp QoQ. PAT came in at INR4.2b (up 4.7% QoQ), led by lower depreciation and employee costs. For 1HFY25, net revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 6.6%/5.1%/5.1% compared to 1HFY24. MPHL targets a sustainable operating (EBIT) margin within the stated band of 14.6%-16%. Outlook We raise our target multiple to 30x Sep’26E EPS. Our TP of INR3,400 implies an 11% upside. We reiterate our Neutral rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Manappuram Finance; target of Rs 160: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Manappuram Finance The RBI has instructed Asirvad Micro Finance, a subsidiary of Manappuram Finance, to halt the sanctioning and disbursement of loans, effective 21st Oct’24. In addition to Asirvad, the RBI has imposed a similar ban on Arohan Financial Services, DMI Finance, and Navi Finserv. The RBI shared that the decision to ban the lending operations of Asirvad stemmed from major supervisory concerns about its pricing practices, particularly the weighted average lending rate and the interest spread over its cost of funds, which was deemed excessively high and not in compliance with the regulations and the Fair Practices Code issued by the RBI. Outlook We downgrade the stock to Neutral with a revised TP of INR160 (based on 0.8x Sep’26E P/BV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 1950: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) posted a standalone PAT of ~INR33.4b (5% miss, 5% YoY growth). Consol. PAT stood at INR50.4b (13% YoY growth) in 2QFY25. NII grew 11.5% YoY to INR70.2b (inline). NIM moderated 11bp QoQ to 4.91%. Other income grew 16% YoY to INR26.8b (11% miss). Total revenue thus grew 12.7% YoY. Advances rose 14.7% YoY/2.5% QoQ to ~INR4t while deposits grew 15.1% YoY/3.1% QoQ. CASA mix improved 20bp QoQ to 43.6%. Fresh slippages were elevated at INR18.7b (INR13.6b in 1QFY25). GNPA/NNPA ratio rose 10bp/8bp QoQ to 1.49%/0.43%. PCR declined 344bp QoQ to 71.4%. KMB entered into an agreement to acquire the personal loan book of Standard Chartered Bank (INR41b) to further fortify its position in the retail credit market. The acquisition is likely to be completed in the next three months, subject to regulatory/other approvals. Outlook We fine-tune our earnings and estimate KMB’s RoA/RoE at 2.2%/13.6% by FY26. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,950 (based on 2.2x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Hindustan Zinc; target of Rs 570: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Hindustan Zinc In 2QFY25, revenue stood at INR83b (+22% YoY/+2% QoQ) against our estimate of INR78b. The YoY growth was driven by better metal and silver volumes and zinc and silver prices, further supported by a strong dollar and marginally offset by lower lead prices. EBITDA stood at INR41b (+31% YoY/+5% QoQ) against our estimate of INR39b. EBITDA margin came in at 50% vs. 48.5% in 1QFY25. Zinc cost of production (COP) for 2QFY25 stood at USD1,071 (INR89,686) per MT (-5% YoY and -3% QoQ). The improvement was due to higher volume and better linkage coal availability, further supported by softened coal and input commodity prices and operational efficiencies. Outlook We maintain our Neutral rating on the stock with a TP of INR570 (premised on 10x EV/EBITDA on FY27 estimates). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Havells India; target of Rs 1830: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Havells India Havells India (HAVL) reported weak 2Q results with 3-5pp margin miss acrosssegments as segmental margins contracted 2-6pp YoY (excluding Lloydwhere loss narrowed YoY). EBITDA at INR3.8b was 25% below our estimate,and OPM stood at 8.3% (vs. estimated 11.7%). Ad spending was 2.9% ofrevenue (vs. 2.2% in 2QFY24), while higher impairments had an impact of65bp on OPM. Profit stood at INR2.7b in 2QFY25, 25% below our estimate. Management has been cautiously optimistic on festive demandimprovement and believes that there has been an improvement in ruraldemand too. Volatilities in RM costs had a higher impact on the margin ofthe cables &amp;amp; wires (C&amp;amp;W) segment and are likely to normalize in 2HFY25.Lower industrial segment demand has hurt growth of switchgear segment. Outlook we reiterate our Neutral rating with a TP of INR1,830 (premised on 55x Sep’26 EPS). Key monitorables would be sustainability/improvement in Lloyd’s margin and the margin trajectory of the switchgear segment. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Axis Bank; target of Rs 1225: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Axis Bank Axis Bank (AXSB) reported 2QFY25 net profit of INR69.2b (up 18% YoY, 4% beat) as tax reversals and treasury gains offset higher provisions. In 1HFY25, earnings grew 11% YoY to INR129b, and we expect 2H earnings to stay flat YoY at INR133b. NII was up 9.5% YoY/flat QoQ at INR134.8b (in line). NIMs moderated 6bp QoQ to 3.99%. Provisioning expenses stood at INR22b (sharply higher than MOFSLe). AXSB made additional contingent provisions of INR5.2b. Loans grew 11.4% YoY (2% QoQ) and deposits rose 13.7% YoY (2.3% QoQ), resulting in a C/D ratio of 92%. Average LCR declined 5% QoQ to 115%. Fresh slippages moderated to INR44.43b (INR47.93b in 1QFY25). Accelerated write-off led to a decline in GNPA by 10bp to 1.54% and flat NNPA at 0.34%. PCR declined to 76.6%.We broadly maintain our earnings estimates and expect FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.7%/15.9%. We had earlier downgraded the stock to Neutral in Jan’24 at INR1,090; we believe that while the current valuation looks comforting after a significant underperformance, the watchful stance on several key metrics (deposit growth, credit cost, LCR &amp;amp; CD ratio) will limit near-term stock performance. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,225 (1.7x FY26E ABV). Outlook We had earlier downgraded the stock in Jan’24 at INR1,090; we now believe that while the current valuation looks comforting after a significant underperformance, the watchful stance on several key metrics (deposit growth, credit cost, LCR &amp;amp; CD ratio) will limit near-term stock performance. Reiterate Neutral with a TP of INR1,225 (1.7x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Stock Picks: PNB Housing Finance, Zomato, Paytm among Systematix's top 10 bets for Samvat 2081 [/INST] The full article is as follows: PNB Housing Finance | It is India's third-largest housing finance company as of FY24, with an AUM of Rs 71,243 Cr and a loan book of Rs 65,358 Cr. It also holds Rs 17,783 crore in deposits. The company aims to grow its retail loan book to over Rs 1 lakh Cr by FY27, targeting a CAGR of 16% from FY24 to FY27. Affordable housing is expected to contribute 14-16%, while the emerging markets segment is projected to account for 22-25%. It plans to open 50 new branches annually, targeting a total of 400 branches by FY26. Analysts value the stock at a P/B multiple of 2.0x on the FY26E book value of Rs 666, resulting in a target upside of 37% of Rs 1,333. Shriram Properties | The leading residential developer in South India remains committed to its growth trajectory, focusing on leveraging its strong operational platform for future profitability. The project pipeline is robust, and with targeted sales volume of 15 msf over the next three years will boost the overall earnings outlook, the company will be well positioned to reap the benefits of the positive industry outlook and attain leadership in the mid-segments, said analysts. • The realtor’s key operating metrics have been robust. Jana Small Finance Bank | The fourth-largest Small Finance Bank in India, is shifting its portfolio towards secured lending while reducing exposure to microlending. The loan book is projected to grow at a CAGR of 19.8% from FY24 to FY27, driven by a 38% increase in affordable housing loans. Deposits are expected to grow at a 20% CAGR. The secured loan portfolio has expanded from 40% in FY21 to 60% in FY24, with a target of 80% by FY27. Projected AUM growth is 19-20%, PAT growth 30-40%, with steady net interest margins and lower NNPA enhancing profit margins. Paytm| The company's sale of its entertainment business to Zomato for Rs 2,000 Cr strengthens its focus on core payment and financial services. The all-cash deal, valued at 6.9x FY24 revenue, bolsters cash reserves, providing flexibility for future investments, including revamping rewards and cashback programs. With a vast merchant network, strong sound-box subscriber base, and minimal fees for users, Paytm maintains a solid market position and sustainable growth potential, despite regulatory challenges. Protean eGov Technologies | The company holding a 64% market share in PAN issuance, benefits from favorable trends like workforce formalization and PAN requirements for financial aid. It also serves as the central recordkeeping agency for India's National Pension System and Atal Pension Yojana, with a 97% market share. With only 6% pension coverage for private sector workers, there is significant growth potential. Protean is expanding into multi-sector Open Digital Ecosystems, such as ONDC, and global markets in Africa and Southeast Asia. The company holds a zero-debt status and a strong cash balance of Rs 700 Cr. GMR Airports Infrastructure Ltd | Th firm operating two of India’s busiest airports (DIAL and GHIAL), reported strong passenger traffic growth of 13% and 19% in FY24 and is expanding into non-aeronautical revenue streams like Duty-Free Services at Delhi Airport. Its partnership with Groupe ADP has improved financial stability, while the merger of key subsidiaries strengthens governance. Ongoing airport expansion and modernization efforts offer significant potential for revenue and profit growth. Lemon Tree Hotels | India’s leading mid-priced hotel chain, benefits from an asset-light model and prime business locations. The recovery in corporate travel and MICE activity, along with ambitious expansion plans, should boost occupancy and ARR. Management projects revenues to exceed Rs 1,250 Cr in FY25, with a long-term ROCE target above 20%. The company aims to be debt-free within four years using free cash flow. NALCO | The low-cost integrated aluminium producer, is expanding both its alumina and smelter capacities. A non-binding MoU with NTPC ensures 1,200 MW of uninterrupted power for its Angul plant expansion. The 1 mtpa brownfield alumina expansion is on track for 2HFY26, with a full ramp-up in FY27. Additionally, NALCO secured a 32-year bauxite mining lease in Odisha, supporting future growth. Zomato | The company has consistently gained market share over Swiggy from FY22 to 1QFY25, driven by its stronger execution. Based on reported gross order value (GOV), Zomato’s market share increased from 54% in FY22 to 58% in 1QFY25. It aims to open 2,000 stores by March 2026, having already launched 113 stores. Management remains confident in maintaining high service quality to attract customers in new markets. Additionally, Blinkit has been steadily expanding its SKU offerings, which has played a key role in driving overall growth. Jash Engineering | With over five decades of expertise, the company leads in sustainable water engineering solutions, aligning with global sustainability trends. As of August 1, 2024, its consolidated order book stands at Rs 939 Cr, with significant contributions from domestic and international markets. The company is expanding manufacturing capabilities and aims to double revenue to over Rs 1,000 Cr by FY28, reflecting strong growth prospects.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Authum Investment shares tank 142% on dismal Q2 show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastucture nosedived over 12 percent to Rs 1,635 on the bourses on October 22 after the company reported a disappointing performance in the second quarter of FY25. The non-banking financial company (NBFC) reported a sharp 49.2 percent year-on-year (YoY) drop in consolidated revenue from operations, which stood at Rs 1,092.62 crore for Q2FY25, compared to Rs 2,151.75 crore in the same period last year. Sequentially, revenue also declined 22.3 percent from Rs 1,416 crore posted in Q1FY25. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Profit after tax, also known as net profit, plunged 56.5 percent on-year to Rs 843 crore, down from Rs 1,940 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal. On a quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) basis, Authum's net profit was down 23.1 percent from Rs 1,097 crore in the previous quarter. Total expenses rose 45 percent year-on-year, reaching Rs 157.24 crore in Q2FY25, up from Rs 107.79 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago. Last week, the company entered into a purchase cum shareholders agreement with India SME Asset Reconstruction Company (ISARC) to buy 79 percent of the expanded share capital of ISARC. The company will purchase 13 crore equity shares, representing 56.5 percent of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 176.8 crore, and 5.235 crore shares, representing 23 percent of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 85.3 crore. In early September, Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure bought 74.9 lakh shares or 1.2 percent stake in GMR Power and Urban Infra. Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure, a Mumbai-based NBFC, focuses on investing in a wide range of financial assets such as equity, debt, real estate, and loan financing. The company also provides structured finance, secured lending, and equity investments in growing companies. Its portfolio includes investments in both listed and unlisted firms, as well as private equity and growth capital injections. At about 12:17 pm, shares of the company were trading at Rs 1,655, down 11.4 percent from the last close on the NSE. Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure shares have rallied 65 percent in the past three months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dalmia Bharat; target of Rs 2200: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Dalmia Bharat In Q2FY2025, Dalmia reported broadly in-line consolidated revenue, led by higher-than-estimated volume growth. Operational profitability miss was led by lower-than-estimated realisations. Management has reduced its volume growth guidance for FY2025 to 9% y-o-y from 12% y-o-y, anticipating lower industry growth rate, while it continues to eye volume growth of 1.5x that of industry growth. Operating cost reduction target of Rs. 150-200/tonne over three years stays intact. Dalmia is actively working on achieving its medium-term capacity target of 75 mtpa by FY2028. The company remains committed to 110-130 mtpa capacity by 2031. Outlook We retain BUY on Dalmia with a revised PT of Rs. 2,200, rolling forward our valuation to H1FY2027E earnings, which partially offsets downward revision in earnings estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 13,000: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on UltraTech Cement Standalone revenue stayed in-line, although volume growth marginally lagged for Q2FY2025. Operational profitability miss was led by operating de-leverage. Management has retained its double-digit volume growth guidance for H2FY2025 along with improvement in profitability. Focus on operational efficiencies over the next three years stays. Capacity expansion plans remain on track to achieve 200mtpa global capacities by FY2027. Acquisition of Kesoram and India cements to conclude by FY2025-end. Outlook We maintain BUY on UltraTech with an unchanged PT of Rs. 13,000, considering its strong growth outlook over the next three years. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold City Union Bank; target of Rs 165: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on City Union Bank Earnings grew by a mere 2% y-o-y on the back of higher provisions although operating profits rose ~11% y-o-y. The bank reported higher credit cost at 59 bps of average advances (annualised) vs 34 bps q-o-q and 53 bps y-o-y to shore up the PCR levels (55% vs 53% q-o-q). Asset quality is comfortable as net slippage remained negative for the fifth consecutive quarter as recoveries continued to outpace fresh slippages (1.7% stable q-o-q). GNPA/ NNPA ratio declined sharply by 34 bps/ 25 bps q-o-q. Loan growth is gradually picking up albeit on low base, up 12% y-o-y versus 10% in Q1. Incremental growth remained largely from the traditional core MSME segment and bank is reasonably confident to grow at par with the system growth in H2FY25. Outlook Stock trades at 1.3x/1.1x its FY2025E/FY2026E ABV. We maintain Hold rating with a revised PT of Rs. 165 given sustained healthy growth/ profitability still has a long way to go as new businesses are likely to take time to deliver healthy RoE trajectory. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Defence stocks take a hit amid broader market selloff; Mazagon Dock, GRSE tank 12% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of defence companies, once a darling of the market, came under selling pressure yet again on October 22 amid a broader sell-off in the small and mid-cap space. Stocks like Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers, and Bharat Dynamics—leaders of the defence rally over the past two years—were among the hardest hit, declining by 6-12 percent. Others, like Hindustan Aeronautics, Bharat Electronics, Paras Defence, and Astra Microwave, were also floating in losses, down by 3-5 percent. The frenzy surrounding the defence sector in recent years attracted significant inflows, spurred by optimistic growth expectations on the back of the government's push for indigenisation of defence equipment. This relentless buying spree, regardless of entry points, propelled many stocks in the sector to soar over 100 percent in recent times. However, as concerns about lofty valuations became more pronounced, growing uncertainties in the market prompted a wave of profit booking among defence stocks. This triggered a strong pullback, causing many defence stocks to retreat sharply from their record highs. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action While the outlook for defence companies remains solid, it is the stretched valuations—outpacing fundamental performance—that have raised alarms for investors. Despite the recent correction bringing valuations down from exuberant levels, they have yet to reach reasonable standards. Vikas Gupta, CEO and Chief Investment Strategist at OmniScience Capital, asserts that the fundamentals of defence stocks remain exceptionally robust, highlighted by strong revenue, profits, growth visibility, and order books extending 5-10 years. He notes that while a few pure-play defence stocks still present attractive investment opportunities from a valuation standpoint, many others appear to be overvalued. &quot;For defence investors, this requires creativity and a broader understanding of the various dimensions of defence in modern geo-strategy. One might consider investing in other dimensions of defence, such as energy security, rare and strategic materials, logistics and supply chains supporting defence forces, and financial and other support for strategic global locations like ports,&quot; Gupta stated. &quot;By broadening one’s understanding of defence, it’s still possible to gain exposure to the sector in non-traditional ways. However, the portfolio may not look like a typical defence portfolio to those unfamiliar with this approach,&quot; he added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Tata Consumer Products; target of Rs 1136: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tata Consumer Products In Q2FY25 TATACONS’S India Foods, International, and non-branded segments showed healthy performance, while India Beverages faced a weaker quarter. Elevated tea prices prompted staggered price increases in the Indian tea business. Additionally, a price hike for Tata Salt was announced, effective from October 24, to address input cost inflation. The company is gaining momentum in its new ventures, Capital Foods and Organic India. We lower FY25E/FY26E EPS by 11.0%/1.2% due to weaker-than-expected topline growth in the current quarter, rising costs, and weak demand. The company's share price trades at 67.2x/49.3x FY25E/FY26E EPS. Outlook We assign a 55.0x P/E on FY26E EPS of INR 20.6, setting a target price of INR 1,136 (Previously: 1,310), implying an 11.7% upside. Given the positive long-term outlook and lower valuation versus peer Nestle, we maintained our 'ACCUMULATE' rating for Tata Consumer Products Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1801: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tech Mahindra Tech Mahindra’s Q2FY25 revenue met our estimates while earnings surpassed expectations. Revenue stood at INR 133,132 Mn, up 3.5% YoY (+2.4% QoQ). New deal wins stood at USD 603 Mn, down 5.8% YoY (+12.9% QoQ). EBIT stood at INR 12,804 Mn, up 111.1% YoY (+16.2% QoQ), exceeding our expectations by 4.5% due to lower than anticipated other expenses and reduced contracting expenses, resulting in margin expansion by 490bps YoY (+114bps QoQ) to 9.6%. PAT stood at INR 12,501 Mn, up 153.1% YoY (+46.8% QoQ), exceeded expectations driven by better operating performance and higher than anticipated other income, resulting in margin expansion by 555bps YoY (+284bps QoQ) to 9.4%. Outlook We project FY26E EPS of INR 66.7 and assign a P/E multiple of 27.0x, reflecting recent deal wins, margin enhancement initiatives, and a positive outlook for discretionary spending, bolstered by recent interest rate cuts. As a result, we increase our target price to INR 1,801 and retain our “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of Tech Mahindra Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Jio Financial Services; target of Rs 345: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Jio Financial Services Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 stood at INR 2,050 Mn, a growth of 10.2% YoY/ 26.7% QoQ. Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) was INR 3,388 Mn, a decline of 6.0% YoY but grew by 6.9% QoQ, led by higher dividend income. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 31.4% as against 18.9% in Q1FY25 (vs. 18.3% in Q2FY24). The operating expenses saw an increase of 99.3% YoY/ 80.1% QoQ. Profit after Tax (PAT) for Q2FY25 was INR 6,891 Mn, reporting a growth of 3.1% YoY/ 120.4% QoQ. The sequential improvement was led by the low base of Q1FY25 due to seasonal weakness. We anticipate that earnings will continue to be variable until JIOFIN secures all necessary approvals and successfully transitions into the ramp-up phase. Hence, we have maintained our rating at “HOLD”. Outlook We value the NBFC based on its September 30, 2024, book value of INR 215.9 per share. Applying a P/BV multiple of 2.0x, we further discount the value by 20% for the Holdco to arrive at a revised Target Price of INR 345 per share (earlier INR 350). Given the 4.6% upside over CMP, we maintain our “HOLD” rating on the shares of Jio Financial Services Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Paytm Share Price: Paytm stock slips 4% as Rs 930 cr Q2 profit from one-time gain fails to impress investors [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Paytm parent One 97 Communications fell up to 4 percent on October 22 after the company reported September quarter results. The Vijay Shekhar Sharma-led firm clocked a net profit of Rs 930 crore in Q2FY25, compared to a net loss of Rs 290.5 crore during the same period last year. However, this turnaround was on account of a one-time gain of Rs 1,345 crore due to the sale of Paytm's movie ticketing business to Zomato. &quot;On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements with Zomato Limited for sale of its movie ticketing business and events business housed in the Company as well as its two wholly owned subsidiaries for a total consideration of Rs 2,048 crore which was subject to cash and net-working capital adjustment at closing,&quot; Paytm said in a regulatory filing. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Paytm would have reported a net loss of Rs 415 crore, excluding the one-time gain, which would have been higher than the loss it reported during the same quarter last year. Hence, the stock saw selling in early deals. Paytm's revenue for the quarter declined by 34 percent YoY to Rs 1,660 crore. Sequentially, however, the income increased slightly from Rs 1,501 crore in Q1. The fintech's net payment margin increased 21 percent QoQ to Rs 465 crore, largely on account of improvement in payment processing margin, better device realization and growth in GMV. The company's Financial Services revenue was Rs 376 crore, up 34 percent QoQ, on account of increase in collection bonus in merchant loans due to better asset quality trends, and higher share of merchant loans, Paytm stated in an exchange filing. At 11:06 am, Paytm shares were trading 3.5 percent lower at Rs 700.50 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 8 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, however, the counter has fallen 24 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndiaMart InterMesh; target of Rs 3100: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on IndiaMart InterMesh Despite the unexpectedly weak, ~5.6% y/y, collections growth to Rs3.6bn, IndiaMart’s Q2 revenue rose ~18% y/y, in line with our estimate. The elevated EBITDA margin (38.7%; 27.1% a year ago, 36.1% in Q1 FY25) was largely due to lower outsourced sales cost (~6.2% of revenue vs. ~12.6% a year ago). Management has guided to ~10-15% increase in collections, along with ~34-35% margins in the near term. Outlook We introduce our FY27e earnings and retain a Buy rating at a lower 12-mth TP of Rs3,100 (Rs3,800 earlier), P/E of 30x FY27e EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy City Union Bank; target of Rs 200: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on City Union Bank Better margins and non-interest income drove City Union Bank’s 13% q/q increase in core operating profits. Overall profitability remained strong. Ahead, we expect net slippages to remain negative since most of the stress has been recognised. The focus now shifts to business growth. We expect loan growth to pick up and strong earnings to continue. Outlook We retain a Buy at a higher 12-mth TP of Rs 200, 1.3x P/ABV on its FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Larsen and Toubro Finance; target of Rs 150: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Larsen and Toubro Finance LTF reported a mixed Q2FY25 result with PAT of Rs6.96bn broadly in line with our estimates, whereas it was ~3% above Consensus estimates. However, on the asset quality and credit cost front, the difficulties have started to emerge with: 1. Credit cost (on AuM) jumped by 36bps QoQ to 2.86% and was the highest in 8 quarters; 2. GS3 increased by 5bps QoQ to 3.19%, while NS3 jumped by 17bps QoQ to 0.96%, reflecting ~5ppts QoQ reduction in PCR to 70%; and 3. MFI disbursements declined 5% YoY (first YoY decline in the last 15 quarters). We see the pain in MFI segment in terms of asset quality and credit cost (despite the Rs9.8bn macro-prudential buffer) affecting overall growth and profitability meaningfully over the next few quarters. Outlook We have cut our FY25-27E EPS by 10-13% and downgrade the stock to REDUCE from Add with our revised Sep-25E TP of Rs150 (vs Rs210 earlier), implying FY26E P/ABV of 1.4x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Hyundai Motor India; target of Rs 1750: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Hyundai Motor India HMIL has established a strong franchise in India; however, lack of major launches (key growth driver historically in PVs) over the next 12-18M, muted ~5% capacity CAGR, higher royalty, and lower treasury income are likely to restrict EPS growth. While MSIL (REDUCE) also faces similar near-term growth challenges, we prefer it over HMIL given its catch-up on operational and financial metrics (even on lower SUV mix) with a much diversified product and powertrain mix and a higher growth optionality (potential small-car recovery, aggressive 8% capacity CAGR, 7-seater SUV launch in H2FY26E, and 10 new models by 2030) driving a superior 6%/10% revenue/EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. Outlook We initiate coverage on Hyundai Motor India (HMIL) with REDUCE (TP of Rs1,750, at ~23x core Sep-26E PER, similar to MSIL) amid a lackluster ~5% EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Rossari Biotech; target of Rs 830: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Rossari Biotech Rossari Biotech’s (Rossari) Q2FY25 HPPC revenue growth (+6.2% YoY) was hurt from softer demand and restricted ethylene oxide (EO) capacity. Rossari opted to cater to volumes for exports where realisation was better, and it was developing market. Textile segment revenue was hurt from lower realisation and weak sales in Bangladesh/Egypt. Though Rossari’s gross profit margin improved by 120bps QoQ, EBITDA margin dipped 10bps QoQ to 13.2%; thus, restricting EBITDA growth to just 3.7% YoY. Rossari reiterated its guidance towards revenue growth of 12-13% for FY25 with stable EBITDA margin at 13.2–13.5%. Outlook Rossari believes that EO capacity addition should also help in accelerating revenue growth in H2FY25. We tweak our EPS estimates lower by ~6% each for FY25E/FY26E, and cut our TP to INR 830 (vs. INR 885) on unchanged FY26E P/E multiple of 25x. Downgrade to HOLD (from Add). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold UltraTech Cement; target of Rs 10,555: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on UltraTech Cement UltraTech Cement’s (UTCEM) focus on increasing its capacity/market share and enhancing efficiency remains heartening. However, in Q2FY25, the sectoral pangs of subdued demand and weak prices got the better of the industry leader. EBIDTA at INR 20.2bn slipped 21% YoY/34% QoQ tracking – 1) meek ~3% YoY domestic volume growth (though superior to our industry forecast of it being flat); and 2) weak realisations, down ~3% QoQ. Blended EBITDA/t stood at a multi-quarter low of INR 725, down 24%, both on a YoY and QoQ basis. Outlook Despite assuming recovery (we pencil-in an EBITDA/t of INR 1,051 in H2FY25), the odds of elevated competitive intensity are forcing our hand to chop FY25E/FY26E EBITDA forecast by ~8%/4%. We continue to value the industry leader at 16x FY26E EV/EBITDA and maintain HOLD with a revised TP of INR 10,555 (INR 11,046 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy City Union Bank; target of Rs 190: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on City Union Bank City Union Bank (CUBK) reported better than our expected set of results with Q2FY25 PAT of INR 2.85bn (9% beat; RoA of 1.59%) aided by improved asset/earnings quality. Despite fifth consecutive quarter of net slippages, provisions increased QoQ as the bank improved PCR (to 55%) and reduced net NPA to 1.62%. Loan growth accelerated further to ~12% YoY (up 5% QoQ) driven by traditional products. Despite the launch of new retail products being pushed-out to Q4FY25, management sounded confident on growth converging towards systemic growth by FY25. LDR, at 83%, is comfortable and CET 1 is strong at 21.98%; though reported LCR nosedived to 121% (vs. ~260% QoQ). We also like CUBK’s stance of improving PCR and paring net NPA as the current stress formation seems negligible. Outlook We raise our target multiple to ~1.4x (vs. ~1.3x earlier), broadly in-line with forward RoA. On balance, we upgrade CUBK to BUY (from Add) with a revised target price of INR 190 (vs. INR 180). A key risk is lower loan growth impacting operating leverage. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Diwali Picks | Bank of India, NCC, Reliance Industries, SBI among HDFC Securities' top bets [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bank of India | HDFC Securities highlights Bank of India's strong capital adequacy ratio, improved net interest margins (NIMs), and enhanced asset quality, calling its valuation of 0.6 times FY26 adjusted price-to-book value an &quot;attractive entry point.&quot; The brokerage recommends buying the state-run lender within the Rs 96 - 106 price band, with a target price of Rs 132 by the next Diwali. Key risks include a potential deterioration in asset quality in the Agri and SME segments, lower-than-expected resolutions of stressed assets, and the impact of implementing the old pension scheme for employees. Jyothy Labs | HDFC Securities commended Jyothy Labs' evolution from a promoter-driven, southern-focused, single-product company to a professionally managed, multi-product entity with nationwide operations. The brokerage highlighted a better product mix and improved operational efficiencies as key drivers of margin growth. HDFC Securities projects a revenue, EBITDA, and profit CAGR of 12%, 15%, and 17% respectively between FY24 and FY26. It recommends buying the stock within the Rs 480 - 533 range, with a target price of Rs 600 by next Diwali. Key risks include adverse monsoon conditions, prolonged inflation, a decline in household insecticides, rising raw material costs, and heightened competition. NALCO | HDFC Securities believes NALCO is well-positioned to capitalize on strong alumina prices, anticipating a robust aluminum price outlook driven by global supply constraints and recovering demand. The brokerage projects NALCO's revenue, EBITDA, and profit to grow at compounded annual growth rates (CAGR) of 9.7%, 32.8%, and 29.2%, respectively, between FY24 and FY26. It recommends buying the stock within the Rs 198 - 220 range, with a target price of Rs 270 by next Diwali. Key risks include volatility in aluminum and alumina prices, potential regulatory changes, and inflation in raw material costs. Navin Fluorine International | HDFC Securities projects that Navin Fluorine's revenue will grow at a robust 23.5% CAGR, driven by significant growth in the CDMO and Specialty Chemical segments between FY24 and FY27. The brokerage also anticipates a 750 basis points expansion in margins over the next three years, fueled by an improved product mix and scaling up of the Specialty Chemicals business. Management expects margins to approach 25% by the end of the current financial year. This revenue growth and margin enhancement could lead to a net profit CAGR of 35% over the same period. HDFC Securities recommends buying Navin Fluorine within the Rs 3,059 - 3,396 range, targeting Rs 3,948 by next Diwali. Key risks include fluctuations in raw material prices, competition from Chinese firms, business cyclicality, and potential delays in the ramp-up of expansions and CDMO scaling. NCC | HDFC Securities highlights that NCC, a stock in which Rekha Rakesh Jhunjhunwala has a stake, stands to benefit from positive tailwinds due to the government's focus on infrastructure development through various schemes. With an all-time high order book, a ramp-up in execution, and a robust balance sheet, the brokerage anticipates healthy medium-term growth for NCC. It projects a revenue, EBITDA, and profit CAGR of 16%, 21%, and 39.6%, respectively, between FY24 and FY26. HDFC Securities recommends buying the stock within the Rs 273 - 303 range, with a target price of Rs 363 by next Diwali. Key risks include potential cost and time overruns, as well as volatility in raw material prices. PNB Housing Finance | HDFC Securities forecasts an 18% CAGR in PNB Housing's loan book from FY24 to FY26, with Net Interest Income and net profit expected to grow by 16% and 15%, respectively, during the same period. The brokerage anticipates an improvement in Return on Assets, projecting it to reach 2.2% by FY26. HDFC Securities recommends buying the stock within the Rs 893 - 991 range, targeting Rs 1,160 by next Diwali. Key risks include unfavorable regulatory changes, intense competition, lower-than-expected loan growth, and declining net interest margins (NIMs). State Bank of India | HDFC Securities asserts that State Bank of India (SBI), India's largest lender, is well-positioned to sustain growth due to its liquidity surplus and comfortable loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR). However, the brokerage anticipates a compression in SBI's net interest margins (NIMs) between FY24 and FY26, driven by a potential shift in the rate cut cycle in the latter half of the current financial year. HDFC Securities recommends buying SBI within the Rs 733 - 813 range, with a target price of Rs 960 by next Diwali. Key risks include higher-than-expected deterioration in asset quality, unfavorable regulatory changes, and a slowdown in credit growth. Reliance Industries | HDFC Securities recommends buying Reliance Industries stock within the Rs 2,447 - 2,716 range, with a target price of Rs 3,243 by next Diwali. The brokerage expects Jio's Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) to rise to Rs 205 per month by the end of FY25, driven by growth in retail, telecom, and new energy sectors over the next two to three years. Additionally, Reliance aims to double its EBITDA in the next five years, leveraging opportunities in 5G technology. Key risks include an economic slowdown, the capital-intensive nature of the telecom business, lower-than-expected production, and declining natural gas prices. JK Lakshmi Cement | HDFC Securities anticipates a boost in cement demand during the second half of the financial year, and expects JK Lakshmi Cement to deliver strong operational performance, particularly with its ongoing capacity expansion plans. The brokerage forecasts the company's revenue, EBITDA, and net profit to grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.6%, 15.7%, and 13.9% respectively between FY24 and FY26. It suggests buying the stock within the Rs 738 - 819 price range, with a target price of Rs 936 by next Diwali. Key risks include softer-than-expected cement demand and potential delays in the company's capacity expansion. This mirrors the cyclical nature of infrastructure growth in India, where demand often surges post-monsoon, especially as major projects pick up pace. L&amp;amp;T Finance | HDFC Securities projects that L&amp;amp;T Finance, a non-bank lender, may achieve an 18% growth in advances between FY24 and FY26. The brokerage considers the stock's valuations &quot;reasonable,&quot; despite potential asset quality challenges in wholesale lending, which is experiencing a decline in focus. It recommends purchasing the stock within the Rs 153 -170 range, with a target price of Rs 219 by next Diwali. Key risks include stress in microfinance or farm equipment sectors, an increase in the share of retail loans by competitors, and rising borrowing costs.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Housing Finance share price rises 4% on healthy Q2 earnings show [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Bajaj Housing Finance soared as much as 4 percent in opening trade on October 22 buoyed by the company's healthy earnings performance in the July-September quarter. The non-bank lender's net profit rose 21 percent year-on-year to Rs 545.6 crore for the September quarter, up from Rs 451 crore in the same period last fiscal. Alongside, revenue also grew 26 percent on year to Rs 2,410 crore as compared to Rs 1,911 crore recorded in the year ago period. In the second quarter, the company also reported robust growth in its assets under management (AUM) which rose 26 percent on year. This absolute AUM growth has remained consistent, staying within the same range over the past two quarters. Meanwhile, the company’s gross non-performing assets (NPA) rose to 0.29 percent from 0.24 percent, while net NPA increased to 0.12 percent from 0.09 percent. The provision coverage ratio (PCR) stood at 57.87 percent, down from 60.79 percent a year ago. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The stock has been in the limelight ever since its blockbuster listing on the bourses last month. Bajaj Housing Finance listed at a premium of 136 percent on its market debut, doubling investors’ money. In September 2024, Bajaj Housing Finance's post-IPO performance lifted its market capitalisation to as high as Rs 1.4 lakh crore, making it the most valuable housing finance firm in India. However, since hitting its record high of Rs 188.50 post its market debut, the stock has seen some profit booking and fallen over 15 percent in the past month. At 09.48 am, shares of Bajaj Housing Finance were trading at Rs 139.20 on the NSE, though firmly in the green, but off its day's high of Rs 142.33.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ola Electric shares rise 4% as it resolves 99% customer complaints before deadline [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Ola Electric Mobility were off to a robust start on the bourses, rising over 4 percent to Rs 85.3 on October 22 after it announced that it has resolved nearly 99.1 percent of the 10,644 complaints received from the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA). In a stock exchange filing, the company emphasized its strong complaint resolution system, with CFO Harish Abichandani stating, &quot;Of the 10,644 complaints from the CCPA were resolved to the customer’s complete satisfaction.&quot; Follow our LIVE blog for all the lates market updates The announcement comes just ahead of the CCPA's October 22 deadline. On October 7, the agency issued a show-cause notice to the company, led by Bhavish Aggarwal, asking for an explanation on handling thousands of consumer complaints, giving them 15 days to respond. Ola Electric, India’s leading pure-play electric vehicle manufacturer, began the festive season on a strong footing, solidifying its dominance in the two-wheeler EV market. According to Vahan portal data, the company registered over 15,672 vehicles by October 14, securing a 34 percent market share. The rise in market share is driven by the success of Ola’s S1 scooter lineup and its expanding service network. The company aims to sustain this momentum through the remainder of the festive season, culminating in Diwali. Ola Electric’s S1 portfolio features six models catering to a diverse range of customers. The premium S1 Pro and S1 Air are priced at Rs 1,34,999 and Rs 1,07,499, respectively, while the more affordable S1 X series starts at Rs 74,999.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Mainboard IPOs cross Rs 1 lakh crore fund-raising for only the second time in history [/INST] The full article is as follows: Mainboard initial public offerings (IPOs) have exceeded the mark of Rs 1 lakh crore in fundraising this year and this milestone has been achieved for only the second time in history. Altogether, 70 IPOs have been launched this year— the highest since 2007. Collectively, they have raised over Rs 1.03 lakh crore. In 2007, 100 IPOs were launched, raising Rs 34,179 crore. Earlier, in 2021, 63 companies raised over Rs 1.19 lakh crore through IPOs. With more than two months to go before the year ends and several major IPOs expected such as Swiggy, NSDL, NTPC Green Energy, analysts predicted that this record is likely to be surpassed. Swiggy Ltd, which is expected to launch its IPO in November, is likely to raise around Rs 11,000 crore. Other expected IPOs to make their debut in the capital markets include ACME Solar Holdings Ltd (Rs 3,000 crore), NSDL (Rs 4,500 crore), Asirvad Micro Finance (Rs 1,500 crore), NTPC Green Energy (Rs 10000 crore), One Mobikwik Systems Ltd (Rs 700 crore), Vishal Mega Mart Ltd (Rs 8,000 crore), and SK Finance (Rs 2,200 crore). Nirav Karkera, Head of Research, Fisdom, said, &quot;The primary market pipeline looks robust. We can expect a series of heavyweight IPOs to mark their public market debut over the next couple of quarters. Many in this line-up would feature a common theme of higher OFS [offer for sale] components as private market institutional investors seek an exit through the listing route. Amid an overall conducive fundraising environment, many listed entities may seek to accelerate on fundraising plans via robust QIPs [qualified institutional placements] as well.&quot; Indian capital markets have experienced significant capital influx through IPOs and QIPs since July, with a combined fundraising of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore. Fundraising via IPOs crossed over Rs 65,000 crore in the last three months alone. One of the biggest IPOs was Hyundai Motor Ltd; which raised over Rs 27,000 crore, followed by Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd and Ola Electric Mobility Ltd, which raised over Rs 6,560 crore and Rs 6,145 crore, respectively. During the same period, QIPs have contributed over Rs 50,000 crore to the total fundraising efforts. Analysts suggested that the recent surge in IPO activity and strong gains in certain listings are primarily driven by three key factors. First, high market liquidity has resulted in exaggerated price movements, especially in smaller, less liquid SME (small and medium enterprise) stocks, as investors chase high returns, while often disregarding underlying risks. Second, the fear of missing out (FOMO) on quick profits has fueled continued investment in IPOs. Lastly, increased participation from retail investors has amplified overall interest in these offerings. Currently, there are no signs that this IPO frenzy is slowing down anytime soon. Vaibhav Porwal, Co-founder, Dezerv, is of the opinion that the IPO frenzy might persist in the short term, even though risks like market corrections and regulatory interventions could temper the heightened activity. Investors should exercise caution and focus on fundamentals, he advised. SME IPOs have also witnessed significant fundraising activity. So far, around 215 SME IPOs have been launched, raising a record Rs 7,700 crore. In comparison, 182 firms launched their IPOs last year, raising over Rs 4,686 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sona BLW Precision shares rise 3% on new plant in Haryana's Manesar [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd (Sona Comstar) were off to solid start on the bourses, rising 3 percent to Rs 650 on October 22 after the company announced it has inaugurated a new plant in Manesar, Haryana, dedicated to its driveline business. The facility, located in the Industrial Estate at IMT Manesar, is the company's second plant in the region, and production began on the same day, October 21. The new plant will help meet the rising demand for Sona BLW's driveline products, further enhancing the company’s manufacturing capacity, it said in a regulatory filing. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Sona BLW Precision Forgings posted a 26.7 percent year-on-year rise in net profit, reaching Rs 141.9 crore for the quarter ending June 30, 2024, compared to Rs 112 crore in the same period last year, according to a regulatory filing. The company’s revenue from operations grew 21.8 percent to Rs 891.2 crore, up from Rs 731.4 crore in the year-ago period. At the operating level, EBITDA increased by 23.1 percent to Rs 249.3 crore in the first quarter of FY24, compared to Rs 202.5 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal. Last month, the company successfully raised Rs 2,400 crore through a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) of equity shares. Among the key investors, SBI Mutual Fund secured a quarter of Sona BLW’s equity issue, while ICICI Prudential Fund acquired 8.33 percent of the shares. Sona BLW intends to utilise the funds from the QIP to strengthen its capital structure and support both its organic and inorganic growth strategies. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 645, higher by 2 percent from the last close on the NSE. Sona Blw shares have tanked 15 percent in the past month.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Stylam Industries target of Rs 2359: East India Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: East India Securitie's report on Stylam Industries Stylam Industries (Stylam) Q2FY25 results beat our estimates. Revenue at Rs 2,627 mn ‐ increased by 12.3% yoy &amp;amp; 8.3% qoq Sales volume at 3.2 mn sheets ‐ increased by 1.6% yoy &amp;amp; 8.1% qoq Realisation per sheet at Rs 821 ‐ up by 10.5% yoy &amp;amp; 5.9% qoq EBITDA at Rs 544 mn ‐ increased by 15.1% yoy &amp;amp; 29.9% qoq EBITDA margin at 20.7% ‐ up by 51 bps yoy/ 344 bps qoq PAT at Rs 341 mn ‐ increased by 7.5% yoy/ 20.3% qoq PAT margin at 13.0% ‐ down by 58 bps yoy but up by 129 bps qoq. Outlook Stylam is currently trading at P/E of 24.5x on FY26e basis. We have valued the stock based on P/E methodology. We have assigned multiple of 25x (2year forward) on FY26E PAT of Rs. 1,599 mn to arrive at a target price of Rs 2,359 per share, which is potential upside of ~2.25% from current market price and recommend “HOLD” on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 22, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks India's soymeal exports fell 52% on year in September to 51,000 tonnes from 106,000 tonnes a year ago, the Soybean Processors Association of India said in a release Saturday. However, the total exports during 2023-24 (OctSept) rose 16% on year to 2.13 million tonnes, SOPA said. Soybean meal exports during 2022-23 were at 1.84 million tonnes. India exported soymeal to more than 70 countries during 2023-24, of which Bangladesh, Iran, Germany, and Nepal were the major buyers, according to data released by the association. Most of India's most soybean exports during 2023-24 were to Iran at 415,182 tonnes. India exported 302,731 tonnes of soymeal to Bangladesh, 106,434 tonnes to Germany, and 192,951 tonnes to Nepal. In September, production of soymeal fell to 552,000 tonnes from 599,000 tonnes a year ago. The output in Oct-Sept rose to 9.5 million tonnes from 9.2 million tonnes a year ago, the association said. Soybean, a kharif oilseed, is sown in Jun-Jul and harvested in Oct-Nov. Soybean arrivals in spot markets were at 800,000 tonnes in September, up from 400,000 tonnes a year ago. During OctSept, arrivals rose to 12.1 million tonnes from 11.6 million tonnes a year ago.By the year-end and September-end, plants, traders, and farmers were left with around 1.1 million tonnes of soybean stock, down from 1.8 million tonnes a month ago, the association said. The meal stock at the end of 2023-24 and September was 83,000 tonnes, against 141,000 tonnes a month ago. Soymeal is primarily used as poultry and livestock feed. Indian soymeal is non-genetically modified and considered rich in protein. The data is collected from various sources, including government and trade. The numbers, however, are estimates only, the associationsaid. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ultratech Cement Q2 earnings leave analysts divided as demand growth, pricing concerns linger [/INST] The full article is as follows: Ultratech Cement stock has garnered mixed calls from analysts after the company reported a marginal miss on standalone operational performance for Q2FY25 owing to lower-than-expected volume growth and higher other expenses. While subdued demand growth and a weak pricing environment keep brokerage cautious, infra investments gathering pace, and sustained momentum in urban housing are expected to be the growth drivers for H2 along with cost efficiency tailwinds. Morgan Stanley maintained an 'Overweight' rating on Ultratech Cement with a target price of Rs 13,620 per share. Despite Q2 EBITDA coming in below estimates, the company is nearing the end of its earnings downgrade cycle, the brokerage noted. Looking ahead, a pickup in demand and expansion in cement prices are expected to drive earnings growth over the coming years. Additionally, cost-improvement initiatives will contribute to strong earnings compounding in the future, said MS in its note. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action UltraTech Cement's Q2FY25 net profit fell 36 percent on-year to Rs 820 crore as a demand slowdown due to monsoon and project delays hit price realisations. A Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerage estimates pegged UltraTech’s Q2 net profit at Rs 1,062 crore. The cement maker’s revenue from operations fell 2.3 percent YoY to Rs 15,635 crore, slightly better than the poll estimate of Rs 15,579 crore. Nomura remained bullish on Ultratech as it maintained a 'buy' rating on the counter with a target price of Rs 12,350 per share. The firm expects cement maker's margins to improve from Q2 onwards, with EBITDA per tonne likely to expand due to lower power and fuel costs. However, higher-than-expected Q2 employee costs affected EBITDA per tonne performance. UltraTech remains on track to achieve its capacity expansion and cost-reduction targets, the broking firm said. Meanwhile, CLSA has issued a 'Hold' call on Ultratech with a target price of Rs 11,500 per share. Despite the decline in Q2 EBITDA due to multi-quarter low profitability, analysts believe that the quarterly results suggest a better second half, with double-digit industry demand growth likely. Specific cost-saving measures are also expected to improve medium-term profitability. UltraTech’s strong capacity addition pipeline should lead to industry-leading volume growth, although CLSA sees downside risks to consensus expectations. Nuvama remained cautious on Ultratech as well. While on-track completion of capex plans and efficiency focus is heartening, the weak sector fundamentals and risk of earnings downgrade in FY25 are issues of concern, the brokerage said as it maintained a 'hold' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 11,238 per share. Material increases in costs or sharp decreases in cement prices remain the key risks for the firm. On October 21, UltraTech Cement's shares closed 2.1 percent lower at Rs 10,839 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 3 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 30 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 28 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Hyundai Motor India, Bajaj Housing Finance, Union Bank, Ola Electric, Epigral, Balu Forge in focus on Tuesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and fund raising, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Bajaj Finance, Zomato, One 97 Communications (Paytm), Indus Towers, Coforge, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra Financial Services, Aditya Birla Real Estate, Adani Energy Solutions, Adani Green Energy, Amber Enterprises India, Chennai Petroleum Corporation, IIFL Securities, ICICI Securities, Jubilant Ingrevia, Max Financial Services, Olectra Greentech, Persistent Systems, Shoppers Stop, SRF, Ugro Capital, Varun Beverages, and Zensar Technologies will announce their quarterly earnings on October 22. Quarterly Earnings Bajaj Housing Finance Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 21% to Rs 546 crore Vs Rs 451 crore Net interest income increases 13% to Rs 713 crore Vs Rs 632 crore Disbursement declines to Rs 12,014 crore Vs Rs 12,154 crore AUM grows 26% to Rs 1.02 lakh crore Vs Rs 81,215 crore Net interest margin drops to 4.1% Vs 4.4% Net interest margin expands to 4.1% Vs 3.9% (QoQ) Jana Small Finance Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit drops 21.1% to Rs 97 crore Vs Rs 123 crore Net interest income increases 13% to Rs 594 crore Vs Rs 526 crore Provisions and contingencies jumps to Rs 210 crore Vs Rs 160 crore Gross NPA rises to 2.97% Vs 2.62% (QoQ) Net NPA remains unchanged at 0.99% (QoQ) Cyient DLM Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 5.5% to Rs 15.5 crore Vs Rs 14.65 crore Revenue jumps 33.4% to Rs 389.5 crore Vs Rs 291.8 crore EBITDA surges 34.4% to Rs 31.6 crore Vs Rs 23.5 crore Margin expands 6 bps to 8.1% Vs 8% Union Bank of India Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 34.4% to Rs 4,720 crore Vs Rs 3,511 crore Net interest income falls 0.9% to Rs 9,047 crore Vs Rs 9,126 crore Gross NPA drops to 4.36% Vs 4.54% (QoQ) Net NPA rises to 0.98% Vs 0.90% (QoQ) Supreme Petrochem Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 15.7% to Rs 90.3 crore Vs Rs 78.05 crore Revenue rises 17.8% to Rs 1,505.6 crore Vs Rs 1,277.7 crore EBITDA jumps 17.9% to Rs 125.2 crore Vs Rs 106.3 crore Margin remains unchanged at 8.3% City Union Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 2% to Rs 285.2 crore Vs Rs 280.6 crore Net interest income grows 8% to Rs 582.5 crore Vs Rs 538.4 crore Net interest margin falls to 3.67% Vs 3.74% Gross NPA declines to 3.54% Vs 3.88% (QoQ) Net NPA drops to 1.62% Vs 1.87% Mahindra Logistics Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss narrows to Rs 10.7 crore Vs loss of Rs 15.9 crore Revenue grows 11.45 to Rs 1,521 crore Vs Rs 1,365 crore EBITDA jumps 22.2% to Rs 66 crore Vs Rs 54 crore Margin expands to 4.3% Vs 4% Bhansali Engineering Polymers Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 3.9% to Rs 46.3 crore Vs Rs 48.2 crore Revenue jumps 16.8% to Rs 366.9 crore Vs Rs 314.2 crore EBITDA declines 7.8% to Rs 53.03 crore Vs Rs 57.5 crore Margin drops sharply to 14.5% Vs 18.3% Rajratan Global Wire Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 2.2% to Rs 19.05 crore Vs Rs 19.48 crore Revenue jumps 14.5% to Rs 245.3 crore Vs Rs 214.3 crore 360 ONE WAM Q2 (YoY) Profit surges 33.4% to Rs 247 crore Vs Rs 185 crore Revenue zooms 37.7% to Rs 589 crore Vs Rs 427 crore Balu Forge Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 107% to Rs 48.1 crore Vs Rs 23.3 crore Revenue jumps 60.1% to Rs 222.9 crore Vs Rs 139.2 crore Authum Investment and Infrastructure Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit plunges 56.6% to Rs 842.8 crore Vs Rs 1,939.8 crore Revenue declines 49.2% to Rs 1,092.7 crore Vs Rs 2,151.8 crore Stocks To Watch Eicher Motors Royal Enfield has commenced operations of its manufacturing unit (Category 2) and flagship showroom in Bangladesh. The company has set up business in collaboration with IFAD Motors in Bangladesh. The new manufacturing facility is Royal Enfield’s sixth assembly unit outside India, following Nepal, Brazil, Thailand, Colombia, and Argentina. Epigral The company has opened its Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP) issue on October 21. The floor price has been fixed at Rs 2,203.29 per share. Lemon Tree Hotels The company has signed a License Agreement for a hotel property with 72 rooms in Kalaburagi, Karnataka. The property will be managed by its subsidiary, Carnation Hotels, and is expected to open in FY27. Sona BLW Precision Forgings The company has inaugurated its new plant in Manesar, Haryana. This is the company's second plant for the driveline business in IMT Manesar. This plant will assist in catering to the growing demand for the company's driveline products. Sunteck Realty Mahesh Sheregar has retired as Chief Executive Officer of International Operations, effective October 21. MAS Financial Services The company has entered into a strategic co-lending partnership with UCO Bank for lending to micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs). Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Bahadur Dastoor has resigned from the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective October 21. Rail Vikas Nigam The company has incorporated its wholly owned subsidiary, 'Company Rail Vikas Nigam' in Saudi Arabia, effective October 18. Ola Electric Mobility Ola Electric has reported that 99.1% of the 10,644 complaints received from the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA) have been resolved. The company has provided the requested information and clarifications in response to the Show Cause Notice from the CCPA. Ola has a robust mechanism in place to address complaints related to its vehicles. Mainboard Listing on October 22 Hyundai Motor India Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend HCL Technologies, Gopal Snacks Stock Trades Ex-Date for Rights DMR Hydroengineering &amp;amp; Infrastructures F&amp;amp;O Ban IndiaMART InterMESH, Manappuram Finance, Piramal Enterprises, Aarti Industries, Bandhan Bank, Birlasoft, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade SBI, Bajaj Auto, HDFC Bank, Mazagon Dock, MCX, Hero MotoCorp and others on Tuesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: Bulls could not maintain control over the market on October 21, as bears pulled the benchmark Nifty 50 down by 73 points to 24,781 after a day of rallying. About 1,968 shares declined, while only 579 shares advanced on the NSE, with a sharp correction in broader markets. The market is expected to remain range-bound with an overall negative bias until it decisively moves back above all key moving averages. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Pravesh Gour, Senior Technical Analyst at Swastika Investmart Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders | CMP: Rs 4,666.5 Mazagon Dock has experienced a breakout of a bullish Inverse Head and Shoulders pattern on the daily chart. This pattern is considered a bullish reversal signal. The breakout occurred with strong volume, which often confirms the pattern's validity. High volume during a breakout indicates increased market participation and interest in the stock, further supporting the bullish outlook. Moving averages are widely followed technical indicators used to identify trends and potential support/resistance levels. Trading above these moving averages is a positive sign, suggesting that the stock's price is in an uptrend supported by buying pressure. On the upside, Rs 4,900 is an immediate resistance area; above this, we can expect a run-up toward Rs 5,000+ levels in the near term. On the downside, Rs 4,400 serves as major support for any correction. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,040 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,400 Multi Commodity Exchange of India | CMP: Rs 6,629 MCX India is exhibiting bullish momentum and forming a Bullish Flag pattern, indicating further upside potential. The previous swing high around Rs 6,680 is an immediate level; above this, we can anticipate reaching the Rs 7,000 level in the near term. On the downside, the previous breakout level of Rs 6,250 is an immediate support level, while Rs 6,000 is a strong demand zone. Momentum indicators are positively poised, supporting the current strength of the trend. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,080 Stop-Loss: Rs 6,250 Godawari Power &amp;amp; Ispat | CMP: Rs 193.6 Godawari Power is bottoming out from lower levels and has found a strong base at the Rs 181 level on the daily chart, accompanied by decent volume. On the higher side, Rs 200 acts as a susceptible level; above this, we can expect a significant move toward Rs 210+ in the shorter timeframe, while on the lower side, Rs 177 serves as important support during any correction. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 214 Stop-Loss: Rs 177 Riyank Arora, Research Analyst at Mehta Equities Bajaj Auto | CMP: Rs 10,501 Bajaj Auto has touched its key support level of Rs 10,000 and formed a strong bullish candle. With the RSI (Relative Strength Index 14) around 36, indicating oversold conditions, it presents a favourable risk-to-reward opportunity for buyers at current levels. A strict stop-loss at Rs 10,200 is recommended, with the potential for the stock to move toward targets of Rs 11,400 and beyond. Additionally, volumes are nearly three times the average of the last 10 days, suggesting strong momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 11,400 Stop-Loss: Rs 10,200 Mahindra and Mahindra | CMP: Rs 2,998 Mahindra and Mahindra has reached its critical support level and formed a bullish candle. With the RSI (14) around 48 and showing a positive uptick from lower levels, it signals an increase in momentum. A strict stop-loss at Rs 2,940 offers a solid risk management setup, while the stock targets Rs 3,080. Volumes are approximately double the average of the last 10 days, highlighting good momentum potential. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,080 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,940 HDFC Bank | CMP: Rs 1,728.7 HDFC Bank has hit its important support level and displayed a strong bullish candle. With the RSI (14) at 59, indicating continued momentum, the stock offers a good buying opportunity. A strict stop-loss should be set at Rs 1,700 to manage risk well, while the potential target is set at Rs 1,775. Volumes are nearly twice the 10-day average, further suggesting strong upward momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,775 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,700 Hero MotoCorp | CMP: Rs 5,242 Hero MotoCorp has touched its significant support level and created a bullish candle. With the RSI (14) around 32, indicating oversold conditions, it presents a good buying opportunity for risk-reward seekers. A strict stop-loss at Rs 5,085 helps manage risk, with the stock potentially reaching targets of Rs 5,500. Volumes are nearly triple the 10-day average, making this stock a strong momentum candidate. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,500 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,085 Jay Thakkar, Vice President &amp;amp; Head of Derivatives and Quant Research at ICICI Securities State Bank of India | CMP: Rs 814 State Bank of India has provided a breakout from a falling trendline and multiple swing resistance, accompanied by a bullish crossover in its MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) on the daily chart, which is quite positive for the stock in the near term. The stock has been an underperformer compared to its peers recently and is likely to catch up with the up move to align with the Bank Nifty. The stock has witnessed Put unwinding from Rs 790 to Rs 820 strikes, which is a negative sign; however, on the Call front, the Rs 820 strike has the highest open interest. If this is taken off, it could lead to a further short covering rally on the upside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 832, Rs 841 Stop-Loss: Rs 808 Cummins India Futures | CMP: Rs 3,582.9 Cummins has been trading with a negative divergence, as its MACD momentum indicator has entered sell mode for the third time now, this time falling below the zero-reference line, indicating further weakening of momentum. The stock has been consolidating within a range for some time, and the formation of lower tops and lower bottoms suggests that the range is likely to break on the downside. From the derivatives front, the stock has seen the highest open interest at the Rs 3,500 strike Put, making this an immediate support level. If this level is broken, we could see increased selling pressure. The stock is currently trading well below its maximum pain and modified maximum pain levels of Rs 3,700 and Rs 3,743. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 3,370, Rs 3,240 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,700 GAIL India Futures | CMP: Rs 218.57 GAIL has clearly broken its bearish parallel channel on the lower side, with a clear sell signal in its MACD on both the daily and weekly charts. There has been a notable negative divergence in the MACD momentum indicator on these charts, indicating a higher probability of downside. From the derivatives perspective, the stock has witnessed heavy Call writing at higher levels from Rs 230 to Rs 250 strikes, indicating clear supply at these levels. Simultaneously, Put unwinding has occurred on the lower side, from Rs 220 to Rs 210 strikes, further confirming that the trend has shifted from up to down. Strategy: Sell Target: Rs 210, Rs 200 Stop-Loss: Rs 228. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tata Consumer Products; target of Rs 1320: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Tata Consumer Products Tata Consumer Products (TATACONS) reported 8% YoY EBIT growth in2QFY25 on the back of a strong performance in its international brandedbeverage segment (EBIT up 74% YoY) and non-branded business (EBIT up86% YoY). EBIT for India branded business declined 26% YoY due to tea costinflation. Organically (excluding acquisition), India business revenue grew 2% YoY andEBITDA declined 23% YoY in 2QFY25.Going ahead, India business margins are likely to recover as the companyhas increased prices of salt (to mitigate cost inflation) and tea (staggeredprice increases). The growth business will continue to drive revenue, with arebound in the ready-to-drink (RTD) segment.Factoring in 2Q performance, lower interest cost led by repayment of debtand tax benefits from the merger with subsidiaries, we increase our FY25earnings estimates by 6% while maintaining our FY26 earnings estimates.Reiterate BUY with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,320. Outlook We expect TATACONS to clock a CAGR of 10%/13%/19% in revenue/EBITDA/PAT during FY24-26. Reiterate BUY with an SoTP-based TP of INR1,320. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Raymond Lifestyle; target of Rs 3200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Raymond Lifestyle Pure-play Lifestyle company from the House of Raymond: Raymond Lifestyle Limited(RLL), formed as a demerger from Raymond Ltd, has a strong presence in men’s wear(with ~65% share in worsted suiting). RLL’s portfolio includes branded textiles (B2Band B2C) and several apparel brands (such as Park Avenue, ColorPlus, Ethnix byRaymond) that cater to formal, casual and ethnic wear. With a strong brand affinityand wide distribution network, RLL has ~5% share in men’s wedding wear industry. Multiple growth levers at play: We anticipate RLL’s growth will be driven by: 1) fastpaced growth in branded apparels through retail expansion (target to double EBOs);2) capitalizing on opportunities from Bangladesh +1 and China +1 trends in B2Bgarmenting; 3) launch of new categories such as innerwear and sleepwear; 4)increasing focus on casualization and premiumization of portfolio, and 5) achievingsourcing efficiencies through scale, which could enhance operating leverage. Outlook With improved FCF generation, RLL could look to increase shareholder returns through dividends. We value RLL at a PE multiple of 30x on Sep’26E (implied 16x EV/EBITDA), resulting in equity valuation of INR195b (or INR3,200 per share). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Polycab India; target of Rs 8340: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Polycab India Polycab India (POLYCAB)’s 2QFY25 earnings were in line with our estimates, as lower-than-estimated margins offset higher-than-estimated revenue growth. Its revenue grew 30% YoY to INR55.0b (10% beat) while EBITDA grew ~4% YoY to INR6.3b (est. INR6.6b). OPM contracted 3.0pp YoY to 11.5% (est. ~13%). PAT increased ~3% YoY to INR4.4b (est. INR4.6b) Management indicated demand momentum to remain strong in the Cables and Wires (C&amp;amp;W) segment and believes that 2H should be better than 1H. Further, the retail distribution and exports businesses are expected to improve. The FMEG business is estimated to pick up in FY26 on account of robust demand from the real estate sector. The company is optimistic about achieving INR200b revenue targeted under Project Leap, a year ahead of schedule. It is currently working on its next five-year guidance, which will be communicated later this year. Outlook We estimate a cumulative FCF generation of INR27b during FY25-27 and its net cash balance to increase to INR37b by FY27 vs. INR24b as of Sep’24. We reiterate our BUY rating on POLYCAB with a TP of INR8,340 (based on 50x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy NMDC; target of Rs 290: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on NMDC In 2QFY25, NMDC reported production volume of 8.3mt, down 10% QoQ and 6% YoY, totaling 17.5mt for 1HFY25 (down 11% YoY). Weak volume growth was due to a heavy monsoon. NMDC has maintained its production target of 50mt for FY25 and expects volumes to ramp up significantly in 2HFY25. NMDC took a cumulative price cut of INR1,000 per ton during Jun-Aug’24 for lumps/fines to INR5,350/INR4,610 per ton, considering weak global prices and subdued steel demand due to monsoon. Recently, NMDC announced a price hike of INR400/t for both lump and fines in Oct’24. Outlook We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR290, valued at 5.5x FY27E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy LTIMindtree; target of Rs 7400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on LTIMindtree LTIMindtree (LTIM) delivered a revenue growth of 2.3% QoQ/ 4.4% YoY in constant currency (CC) terms vs. our estimate of 3.0% QoQ in CC. In USD terms, revenue came in at USD1.1b (up 2.8% QoQ/4.8% YoY), which was slightly below our estimate. EBIT grew 6.4% QoQ/2.5% YoY to INR14.5b (below our estimate of INR14.9b). PAT stood at INR12.5b, up 10.3% QoQ/7.7% YoY and largely in line with our estimate of INR12.4b. For 1HFY25, revenue/PAT grew 5.5%/3.1% compared to 1HFY24, while EBIT declined 1.6% in 1HFY25. Outlook Our estimates are largely unchanged; FY25/FY26e EPS estimates are revised down by a minimal 1% owing to margin pressures. We value LTIM at 35x Sep’26E EPS. Our revised TP of INR7,400 implies 15% upside potential.. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Infosys; target of Rs 2200: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Infosys Infosys (INFO) reported 2QFY25 revenue of USD4.9b, growth of 3.1% QoQ/3.3% YoY CC vs. our estimate of 3.0% QoQ CC. EBIT margins stood at 21.1% vs. our estimates of 20.3%. EBIT grew 4.4% QoQ/4.5% YoY to INR86b (est. INR83b). PAT came in at INR65b, up 2.2% QoQ/4.7% YoY, in line with our estimate of INR66b. FY25 revenue growth guidance upgraded from 3-4% to 3.75%-4.5%. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 4.4%/4.8%/5.9% compared to 1HFY24. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow by 8.1%/8.8%/10.4% YoY in 2HFY25. INFO reported a deal TCV of USD2.4b, down 41.5% QoQ and 68.8% YoY. Outlook We expect INFO to be a key beneficiary of the acceleration in IT spends in the medium term. We value INFO at 28x Sep’26 EPS. This yields a rounded TP of INR2,200, implying a 12% upside. We reiterate our BUY rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IndiaMART; target of Rs 3500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IndiaMART IndiaMART (INMART) reported 2QFY25 revenue growth of 18% YoY/5% QoQ, in line with our estimate of 18.8% YoY growth. Collection growth was soft at 6% YoY to INR3.5b. Deferred revenue rose 19% YoY to INR14.8b. EBITDA margin expanded ~270bp QoQ, above our estimates of 31.1%, driven by lower employee expenses and outsourced sales costs. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBITDA/PAT grew 17.7%/61.8%/63.6% compared to 1HFY24. We expect revenue/EBIT/PAT to grow by 18.0%/24.9%/2.0% YoY in 2HFY25. Adj. PAT was INR1,352m, up 19% QoQ/96% YoY, beating our estimate of INR966mn. Outlook Our estimates are largely unchanged. We value INMART on a DCF basis to arrive at our TP of INR3,500, assuming 11.5% WACC and 6% terminal growth. Our TP implies a 17% potential upside. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy ICICI Lombard; target of Rs 2400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on ICICI Lombard ICICIGI’s GDP grew 11% YoY in 2QFY25 to INR69b (3% miss). NEP grew 17% YoY to INR50b (3% ahead of our estimates). Claims ratio was largely in line with our estimate at 71.4% (vs. 70.7% in 2QFY24). On a sequential basis, the commission ratio increased ~50bp to 17.5% in 2QFY25 from 15% in 1QFY25 (our est. 17%). The expense ratio increased to 15.6% from 13.3% in 1QFY25 (est. 14%). A higher-than-expected expense ratio led to a miss in the combined ratio at 104.5% (est. 102.5%) compared to 103.9% in 2QFY24. PAT grew 20% YoY to INR6.9b (2% miss). The management expects the momentum in the auto segment to pick up during the festive season and investments in the health business to yield results over the medium term. Combined ratio guidance of 101.5% in 4QFY25 is maintained. We have cut our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates by 4% each on the back of weaker-than-expected performance in 2QFY25. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR2,400 (based on 36x Sept’26E EPS). Outlook We have cut our FY25/FY26 earnings estimates by 4% each on the back of weaker-than-expected performance in 2QFY25. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR2,400 (based on 36x Sept’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2050: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on HDFC Bank HDFC Bank (HDFCB) reported steady performance in 2QFY25, with net earnings of INR168.2b (~3% beat). NIMs declined 1bp QoQ to 3.46%, while the C/D ratio declined sharply by ~4% QoQ to 99.8%. Provisions were 5% higher than MOFSLe at INR27b. The bank utilized INR7b of contingent provisions pursuant to the reversal of AIF provisions. HDFCB is holding total provisions (floating and contingent) of INR262b. GNPA ratio increased 3bp QoQ to 1.36%, while PCR remained stable at 71.2%. Fresh slippages stood at INR78b (1.3% of loans). Given that the bank is focusing on bringing C/D to a normalized level, we trim our loan growth estimates to 7%/10% for FY25/FY26. Thus, we estimate C/D to improve to 97.1%/92.2% in FY25/FY26. We estimate HDFCB to report gradual recovery in loan growth over FY25-27E with earnings growth accelerating faster. We thus estimate HDFCB to deliver FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.8%/14.6%. We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR2,050 (2.4x Sep’26E ABV + INR295 for subs). Outlook We estimate HDFCB to report gradual recovery in loan growth over FY25-27E with earnings growth accelerating faster. We thus estimate HDFCB to deliver FY26E RoA/RoE of 1.8%/14.6%. We reiterate our BUY rating with a TP of INR2,050 (2.4x Sep’26E ABV + INR295 for subs). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy CEAT; target of Rs 3450: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on CEAT Ceat Ltd (CEAT)’s 2QFY25 performance was impacted by higher RM costs, leading to a 100bp contraction in operating margins QoQ, which stood at 11% (est. 11.5%). The outlook for replacement segment across categories and exports remains healthy, with a recovery expected in the OEM segment in H2. CEAT’s focus on strategic areas such as PVs/2Ws/OHT/exports (to help margins), along with prudent capex plans (to benefit FCF), should continue to improve its returns in the long run. Valuations at 22.5x/16.8x FY25E/FY26E consol. EPS appear reasonable. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR3,450 (based on ~17x Sep’26E EPS). Outlook Valuations at 22.5x/16.8x FY25E/FY26E consol. EPS appear reasonable. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR3,450 (based on ~17x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DIIs net buy shares worth Rs 3,225 crore, FIIs net sell Rs 2,262 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: On October 21, Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) net bought shares worth Rs 3,225 crore. On the other hand, Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) net sold shares worth Rs 2,262 crore, provisional data from NSE showed. DIIs bought Rs 13,741 crore worth of shares and sold shares worth Rs 10,515 crore. Meanwhile, FIIs purchased Rs 11,982 crore in shares and offloaded equities worth Rs 14,244 crore during the trading session. FII/DII &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; In the year so far, FIIs have net sold shares worth Rs 2.21 lakh crore, while DIIs have bought shares worth Rs 4.95 lakh crore. After showing smart recovery in the previous session, Indian markets remained under pressure on October 21 amid selling across the sectors barring auto. At close, the Sensex was down 73.48 points or 0.09 percent at 81,151.27, and the Nifty was down 112.50 points or 0.45 percent at 24,741.50. &quot;Asian markets started the week on a mixed note after US stocks reached new records, capping off another successful week and as traders weigh Chinese central bank interest rate cuts aimed at reigniting the world’s number two economy, &quot; said Deepak Jasani, head of retail research at HDFC Securities. He added that European shares struggled for direction on Monday, after two back-to-back weekly gains, ahead of a series of marquee corporate earnings, although stabilising oil prices buoyed the energy sector.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Top stocks to 'BUY' this Diwali: NCC, PNB Housing Finance among Samvat 2081 picks by HDFC Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: Diwali Stocks to Buy: Nifty has witnessed a sharp 28 percent rise since Diwali last year. India’s weight in global indices has been rising sharply over the past few years and continued performance will attract higher attention and allocation from large global funds. The weakening of US dollar and rate cuts by US Fed are likely to improve FPI sentiments towards our markets. The analysts at HDFC Securities compiled a list of 10 stocks - two mega caps, and 4 each in mid cap and small cap category that are likely to offer relatively limited downside and superior upside potential. Diwali Stock Picks 1) Bank of India: BoI boasts a strong capital adequacy ratio, improved NIMs, and enhanced asset quality, evidenced by lower gross and net non-performing assets (GNPA &amp;amp; NNPA), it said in its report adding, &quot;We recommend investors to buy the stock in the Rs 96-106 band for a target price of Rs 132 till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 2) JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd: The brokerage expect the cement demand to pick up pace by H2FY25. &quot;Taking into consideration the capacity expansion and strengthening operational performance, we expect the company to report a healthy performance in the coming years. We believe investors can buy the stock in Rs. 738-819 band (15x FY26E EPS) for a target of Rs 936 (18x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 3) Jyothy Labs: JLL has successfully undergone a substantial transformation from a promoter-driven, south-centric, single product entity to a professionally managed, and multi-product company operating nationwide. &quot;We recommend a buy on Jyothy Labs in the band of Rs 480-533 for target price of Rs 600 (43.75x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali,&quot; the analysts said. 4) L&amp;amp;T Finance: LTF, over the years has been constantly reducing its dependence on the wholesale lending business by aggressively expanding its well diversified retail financing business. &quot;We envisage a 18% growth in advances over FY24-FY26. and recommend investors to buy the stock in the Rs. 153-170 band for a target price of Rs. 219 (2.0x FY26 ABV) till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 5) National Aluminium Company: NALCO is one of the lowest cost producers of alumina globally and has integrated operations with an increase in alumina refinery capacity. We believe investors can buy the stock in Rs. 198-220 band for a target of Rs. 270 (15x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali, it said. 6) Navin Fluorine International: We recommend buy on Navin Fluorine in the band of Rs. 3059-3396 for a target price of Rs. 3948 (40.5x FY26E EPS) till next Diwali, the analysts at HDFC Securities said. 7) NCC Ltd: The brokerage recommended a price target of Rs 363 till next Diwali. 8) PNB Housing Finance: &quot;We recommend investors to buy the stock in the Rs. 893-991 band for a target price of Rs. 1160 (1.7x FY26E ABV) till next Diwali,&quot; it said. 9) Reliance Industries: The domestic brokerage recommended a price target of Rs 3243 till next Diwali. 10) State Bank of India: We believe SBIN is equipped to sustain growth, given its surplus liquidity (Rs. 3.7trn) and a comfortable LDR (76.5%) and recommend investors to buy in the Rs. 733-813 band with a target price of Rs 960 (1.8x Mar-26 ABVPS),&quot; it said. Despite short term headwinds, the analysts believe superior growth prospects of India are likely to continue attracting foreign flows in the long run.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Experts advise waiting for price drop as Hyundai GMP points to subdued listing [/INST] The full article is as follows: The grey market premium (GMP) for Hyundai Motor India Ltd has plummeted to around Rs 50 per share, down from Rs 570 per share in late September. This sharp decline hints at a subdued listing amidst high volatility when the shares of the auto major make their debut on the bourses on Tuesday, say market participants. Interestingly, this comes close on the heels of a rather subdued response from retail investors -- and also HNIs -- to the IPO of Hyundai, which was the largest ever to hit the Indian stock markets. Analysts are of the view that non-institutional investors are wary of Hyundai's valuation, especially amid slowing growth in the automotive sector. Analysts further suggest the weak demand from retail investors and HNI was primarily because such large issues in the past have turned out to be a disappointment after listing. Previous large IPOs, such as those of LIC and Paytm's parent company One97 Communications Ltd, also experienced significant volatility in their grey market premiums (GMP). The LIC IPO launched in April 2022 and around that time, its GMP traded at a modest Rs 63 above its issue price of Rs 949 per share, only to eventually turn negative. Paytm's IPO followed a similar pattern. Its GMP initially indicated a premium of Rs 200 per share over the issue price of Rs 2,150, but just a few days before listing, it dropped to a negative Rs 30 per share. Few analysts reveal that Hyundai India has funneled two-thirds of its cash reserves to its Korean parent in the last two years. More importantly, they say that the dividends paid to the parent company during this period (Rs 17,900 crore) exceeded Hyundai India’s entire profit after tax of the last five years (Rs 17,800 crore). In FY24 alone, just before the IPO, a massive Rs 13,300 crore dividend was declared — 3x higher than FY23 and 9x higher than FY22. This aggressive cash outflow has left Hyundai India's bank balances slashed to a third of what they were two years ago, even as it plans its largest expansion in decades. With its cash reserves depleted, the Indian unit's upcoming capex will heavily rely on loans, pushing up debt and impacting future profits. The company itself confirmed this in its DRHP, stating that reduced cash levels might force it to borrow, which could hurt its profitability and financial health. This strategy raises concerns as Hyundai Motors India now faces increased financial pressure just as it embarks on its growth plans, analysts added. Given this backdrop, experts advise caution on Hyundai's listing day, recommending investors to wait for a few days to allow the stock price to stabilise before making any decisions. They predict limited price movement on listing, possibly trading Rs 100 to Rs 150 below the issue price post listing. This could attract retail and HNI investors who missed out during the IPO, as well as QIBs looking to buy at lower levels. Analysts also highlight that market conditions have softened in recent months, cooling the IPO euphoria seen earlier. The Hyundai IPO, being one of the largest ever, may have further strained market liquidity. Additionally, its size implies a higher chance of share allotment for retail investors, which has dampened the GMP as demand appears absorbed by the IPO itself. In the short term, substantial listing gains are deemed unlikely, with potential profit-taking possibly pushing the stock lower post-listing. Analysts suggest letting initial supply pressures ease before considering any entry, recommending investors look for a significant decline before buying in.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a flat to positive start on October 22, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,797, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. After showing smart recovery in the previous session, the market remained under pressure on Monday (October 21) amid selling across the sectors barring auto. At close, the Sensex was down 73.48 points or 0.09 percent at 81,151.27, and the Nifty was down 72.90 points or 0.29 percent at 24,781.10. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Flat) The GIFT Nifty is trading marginally higher, indicating a flat to positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,797 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Down) Asian indices were trading weak on Tuesday, trailing a mixed session on Wall Street. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix -1.56 -4.57 5.60 Nikkei -1.80 -3.25 8.25 Hang Seng 0.55 -2.27 22.65 Taiwan -0.93 3.85 25.19 Kospi -1.15 -5 -8.29 US Equities (Mixed) The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&amp;amp;P 500 closed lower on Monday, retreating from Friday's record high closes and six straight weekly gains as Treasury yields rose and investors wary of high valuations awaited earnings from major companies. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 344.31 points, or 0.80%, to 42,931.60, the S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 10.69 points, or 0.18%, to 5,853.98. The Nasdaq Composite gained 50.45 points, or 0.27%, to 18,540.01, boosted by the chip heavyweight Nvidia, which rose 4.14% to close at a record high of $143.71. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.80 1.75 15.09 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.18 1.92 24 Nasdaq 0.27 2.26 24.79 US Bond Yield (Down) The US 10-year Treasury yield fell 24 bps at 4.18 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield declined 37 bps at 4.01 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.18 3.74 4.85 US 2-Year Treasury 4.01 3.58 5.04 Dollar Index (Flat) The U.S. dollar clung to a two-and-half-month high on Tuesday on expectations the Federal Reserve will take a measured approach to interest rate cuts, while a close battle in the upcoming U.S. election kept investors on edge. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.92 100.85 105.53 Asian currencies (Weak) Among Asian currencies, except Japanese Yen, Thai Baht and Singapore Dollar, all currencies were trading weak in the early trade on Tuesday. On a month-to-date basis, Japanese Yen fell the most, followed by South Korean Won, Philippines Peso, Malaysian Ringgit. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.148 -1.82 4.72 South Korean Won -0.092 -3.29 -0.084 Japanese Yen 0.153 -4.92 2.82 Philippines Peso -0.265 -3.05 -0.286 Thai Baht 0.096 -1.61 -10.68 Taiwan Dollar -0.337 -0.72 1.76 China Renminbi -0.257 -0.962 1.72 Malaysian Ringgit -0.462 -2.87 10.38 Singapore Dollar 0.053 -1.90 3.53 Crude (Down) Oil prices fell on Tuesday, paring the previous day's nearly 2% rise as the top U.S. diplomat renewed efforts to push for a ceasefire in the Middle East, and as slow demand in China, the world's top oil importer, continued to weigh on the market. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -0.41 3.08 -1.93 Brent Crude -0.50 3.01 -4.04 Gold (Gains) Gold steadied, after hitting a record high in the previous session, as traders digested differing views from Federal Reserve officials on the path forward for US interest rates. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.30 3.54 32.22 Silver 0.33 8.72 43.44 LME Commodities (Down) All the commodities were trading lower in the early trade on Tuesday with Nickel fell more than a percent, while Lead, Copper and Aluminium were down 0.5 percent each. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -0.63 -0.61 8.87 Copper -0.69 -2.75 11.68 Nickel -1.34 -4.62 0.61 Lead -0.75 -1.88 -0.58 Zinc -0.45 -0.50 15.71 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling as they sold equities worth Rs 2,261 crore on October 21, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 3,225 crore on the same day. 21st Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -2,261.83 -67,056.41 -2,09,592.60 DII Net Flows 3,225.91 1,09,282.34 4,14,866.05 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: 10 stocks that moved the most on October 21 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity indices ended on a weak note with Nifty below 24,800 on October 21, weighed down by IT, FMCG, and metal stocks on October 21. Apart from Nifty Auto, all other sectoral indices were in negative territory. What had started on a high note, buoyed by HDFC Bank's early gains, quickly gave way to profit-booking, causing the indices to end lower. HDFC Bank | CMP Rs 1,725 | Shares surged 3 percent after the Street gave thumbs up to its September quarter performance. Strong metrics was observed on all counts, with slight deterioration seen in the asset quality picture. Brokerages maintained their positive outlook on the stock, with price targets suggesting a potential upside of up to 28 percent from current levels. Tejas Network | CMP Rs 1,322 | Shares surged over 11 percent after a robust seven-fold topline growth, powered by the expansion of 4G business. The management said it is very confident of the upcoming opportunities and shared details of projects for which it is aiming to bid or contracts are underway. On a QoQ basis, Tejas Networks' net profit has grown by 250 percent, while revenue rose by 80 percent compared to the previous quarter. Tata Consumer Products | CMP Rs 1,015 | Shares fell over 7 percent after the FMCG player reported a muted show for its July-September earnings scorecard. The owner of Ching's Secret noodles brands said its net profit was unchanged at Rs 359 crore. Revenue increased 13 percent to Rs 4,20 crore in the three months ended September 30. Kotak Mahindra Bank | CMP Rs 1,782 | Shares tumbled and fell nearly 5 percent following the release of the bank's September quarter numbers (Q2FY25), which missed Street estimates and prompted some brokerage firms to lower their target prices on the stock. Kotak reported a Q2 profit growth of 5 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 3,344 crore. Indiamart Intermesh | CMP Rs 2,519 | Shares tumbled almost 17 percent despite reporting a robust second-quarter earnings report which sparked a cautious outlook from analysts. The online B2B marketplace reported a substantial 95 percent YoY. While the company added 2,390 paid subscribers sequentially, collections growth slowed significantly, dipping to just 5 percent from 14 percent in the same period last year. Oberoi Realty | CMP Rs 1,989 | Shares advanced 3 percent on October 21 after the company achieved Rs 1,350 crore gross bookings for a new projects in the first three days. The real estate developer also posted a 29 percent rise in its consolidated net profit to Rs 589.44 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal year. Its net profit stood at Rs 456.76 crore in the year-ago period. PNC Infratech | CMP: Rs 366 | Shares were stuck in a 20 percent lower circuit after the company, along with its two subsidiaries were disqualified by the Ministry of Road Transport &amp;amp; Highways from participating in any tender process of the Ministry. In an exchange filing, PNC Infratech stated that it has been barred from tender processes for one year, effective October 18, 2024. Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers | CMP Rs 1,805 | Shares rallied over 2 percent ollowing the receipt of a Letter of Intent from the Ministry of Defence for a significant contract. This contract, valued at around Rs 491 crore, involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, and commissioning of an Acoustic Research Ship (ARS), with a timeline of 36 months. Zomato | CMP Rs 265 | Shares rose 3 percent after the company announced plans to launch QIP. Following the development, brokerage issued bullish calls on the counter. Jefferies reiterated its bullish buy call on Zomato, with a target price of Rs 335. If the RBI approves Zomato's application on the FII holding front, the move will convert Zomato to a 'domestic' firm. JM Financial | CMP Rs 147 | Shares tanked over 7 percent despite the Reserve Bank of India lifting restrictions on its subsidiary JM Financial Products Ltd from financing against shares and debentures. In March, the RBI had barred JM Financial Products from giving loans against shares and debentures with immediate effect. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Sensex flat, Nifty closes below 24,800 amid volatility; mid-, small-caps drag [/INST] The full article is as follows: After showing smart recovery in the previous session, the market remained under pressure on Monday (October 21) amid selling across the sectors barring auto. At close, the Sensex was down 73.48 points or 0.09 percent at 81,151.27, and the Nifty was down 112.50 points or 0.45 percent at 24,741.50. On the back of positive global cues, the Indian indices opened on a strong note but erased all the gain in the initial hour and traded flat in the first half. However, the market witnessed extreme volatility in the second half, to close in the red with Nifty below 24,750. Biggest Nifty losers were Tata Consumer Products, Kotak Mahindra Bank, BPCL, IndusInd Bank and Bajaj Finserv, while gainers included HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto, Asian Paints, M&amp;amp;M and Eicher Motors. Except auto, all other sectoral indices ended in the red with FMCG, metal, capital goods, power, realty, IT, oil &amp;amp; gas and media down 1-3 percent. The BSE Midcap and smallcap indices shed 1.5 percent each. 250 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Amber Enterprises, BF Investment, Dixon Technologies, Garware Technical, GFL, HCL Technologies, Indigo Paints, JSW Holdings, Maharashtra Scooters, MCX India, NALCO, Pilani Investment, Summit Securities, Suven Pharma, Tech Mahindra, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 22 Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares: The markets commenced the week on a strong note under the guidance of the Banking counters but swiftly erased their gains as a steep fall was witnessed in the Mid and Smallcap segments and at one point of time, the Index was down over 170 points; however, in the last session, recovery was seen from the lower levels which helped the Index to settle the trade at 24,781.10 with a loss of 72.95 points. Barring Auto, all the other sectors ended the day with a loss where Media and Metal were the major laggards. After a pause of a day, Mid and Smallcaps extended their underperformance with a loss of 1.66% &amp;amp; 1.47% respectively. Bullish Divergence did not last for long as the Index formed a Dark Cloud Cover candlestick pattern on the daily chart indicating an upper hand of the Bears. The range is shifted lower to 24,570-25,000 and a breakout on either side will open doors for another 250-300 points move. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap up however it reversed sharply and closed in the red down ~73 points. Nifty witnessed selling pressure from the 25000 mark which coincides with high concentration of open interest on the call side implying resistance. On the downside the 20-week average (24730) which was defended well last week is being tested again. So there is a standoff between bulls and bears leading to heightened volatility. Overall, we expect a rangebound price action in the range 24500 – 25200 from short term perspective. Bank Nifty opened with a huge gap up however was unable to sustain at higher levels and traded with a negative bias during the day. It closed down ~132 points. Inability to sustain at higher levels shows lack of strength and hence there is likely to further consolidation before any meaningful upside. On the upside 52250 – 52300 shall act as an immediate hurdle zone while 51100 – 51000 shall act as a crucial support zone.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 2025: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank Net Interest Income (NII) for Q2FY25 has surged to INR 70,196 Mn, a growth of 11.5% YoY (+2.6% QoQ). This NII figure is 1.3% lower than our estimates. Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) was INR 50,993 Mn, a growth of 10.6% YoY (-2.9% QoQ). The bank's adjusted PAT stood at INR 33,437 Mn, a growth of 4.8% YoY (-5.0% QoQ), in line with our estimates. The bank's focus on expanding granular deposits, its strategic acquisitions, and its emphasis on digital innovation are key to driving sustainable growth. With a strong balance sheet and continued investment in technology, the bank is well-positioned to capitalize on organic and inorganic growth opportunities once the RBI tech restrictions are lifted. Outlook Considering slightly higher credit costs, we have cut our EPS for FY25E/ FY26E by 3.7%/ 3.3%. We revise our target price to INR 2,025 per share, maintaining our rating of &quot;ACCUMULATE&quot; on the shares. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 2230 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank KMB saw a soft quarter owing to miss on loan growth and asset quality. Due to full impact of the RBI embargo, credit flow was weak led by slower offtake in unsecured, while corporate saw muted growth due to irrational pricing. Weak credit flow in H1FY25 would be partly offset by purchase of Standard Chartered Bank's (SCB) PL portfolio (Rs41bn). Hence, we cut loan growth for FY25/26E by 2%/1%. We have factored in declining margins due to likely repo rate cut and slower unsecured growth, but raise NIM for FY25/26E by 3/6bps on account of (1) SA rate cut in the &amp;lt;Rs0.5mn bucket and (2) acquisition of SCB’s PL book. This would be offset by rise in provisions for FY25/26E by 7/6bps as stress in unsecured (incl. MFI) is likely to continue for the next few quarters. Outlook The stock trading at 1.9x on Sep’26 ABV. We maintain multiple at 2.4x but raise TP to Rs2,230 from Rs2,125 as we roll forward to Sep’26 core ABV. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy KEI Industries; target of Rs 5265 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on KEI Industries KEI Industries (KEII) maintained its guidance of 16-17% revenue growth in FY25, driven by capacity expansion and healthy demand in domestic &amp;amp; export markets, even after lower growth in H1FY25. Domestic demand mainly comes from private sector cement, steel, industrial &amp;amp; solar, and government projects. Export business is gaining traction in the US &amp;amp; Europe apart from Australia, the Middle East &amp;amp; Africa. The company aims to reach 11.0% EBITDA margin in FY25. KEI reported strong rev. in HT cables (+65.8% YoY), LT cables (+20.8% YoY) &amp;amp; housing wire (+21.5% YoY) in Q2FY25. However, its EPC rev. declined, and is expected to decline further in FY25. We maintain our earnings estimates for FY25/FY26/FY27E and estimate revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 17.7%/22.8%/22%. Outlook Consistent growth in volume with margins improvement, robust returns (27.5%/20.3% RoCE/RoE in FY24), and optimistic guidance, compel us to assign a premium valuation to the company compared to its peers. Maintain ‘BUY’ at TP of Rs5,265 (same as earlier), valuing at 45x FY27 earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2000 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on HDFC Bank HDFCB saw mixed results; core PAT was in-line, but NII/NIM and net slippages were a miss, offset by higher fees and lower opex. Pre-merger LDR was 85-87% (now 99.8%), which could be achieved in 2-3 years. Hence, loan growth is guided to be lower than system for FY25, in line with system for FY26 and faster than system for FY27. While our LDR assumptions are in line with guidance, loan growth estimates for FY26/27E are lower since deposit environment remains constrained. NIM is seeing a drag as LDR fall is generating excess liquidity, which could be utilized to prepay liabilities basis negotiation with lenders. However, HDFCB would like to keep the balance sheet fortified suggesting that liquidity could remain in surplus. Outlook Hence, we trim NIM for FY25/26E by 5/7bps, which is neutralized by increase in fees and reduction in opex; our core PAT does not change materially. We roll forward to Sep’26 core ABV but our TP is intact at Rs2,000 as we tweak the multiple to 2.4x from 2.5x. Retain ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy DOMS Industries; target of Rs 3349 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on DOMS Industries We initiate coverage on DOMS with a BUY rating and TP of Rs3,349. In an industry dominated by unorganized players, competitive edge of DOMS stems from 1) superior brand recall 2) ability to offer innovative products (eraseners, two-dooz sharpeners &amp;amp; grove pencils) 3) cost competitiveness arising from backward integration 4) strong distribution reach with 125,000+ retail touch points and 5) superior R&amp;amp;D capabilities &amp;amp; technical know-how given the collaboration with FILA. DOMS has a diversified stationary &amp;amp; arts material portfolio and has outlined a capex plan of Rs4,535mn spread over 2 years to expand capacity in writing instruments, water color pens and markers &amp;amp; highlighters at Umbergaon. Given the expansion plans, we expect revenue/PAT CAGR of 26%/28% over FY24-FY27E. Recent entry into diapers market with plans to enter into ancillary categories like footwear, apparels, confectionaries, and sports gears &amp;amp; accessories widens the addressable target market for DOMS providing growth optionality. Outlook We value the stock at 60x FY27E EPS with a TP of Rs3,349. Initiate with a BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold CEAT; target of Rs 3063: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on CEAT CEAT’s Q2FY25 revenue increased by 8.2% YoY, driven by healthy demand in the replacement and international markets. Rise in key input prices led to a steep decline in gross margin by 594bps YoY to 37.4%. Higher input costs and rise in staff expenses on account of yearly increments, led to EBITDA margin declining by 398bps YoY to 11%. Further, APAT declined by 41.4% YoY, on weak operational performance. The management has announced price increases across its product range and plans more hikes, to mitigate some input cost pressure. Additionally, they expect demand momentum in H2FY25 to be robust, which shall aid in better volume and ASP growth in the upcoming months, while margins could be in the similar range given the volatility in input costs. Outlook Given the volatility in input costs, we lower our EBITDA &amp;amp; EPS estimates in the range of 7-12% and project revenue/EBITDA/PAT to grow at 10.9%/8%/9.4% CAGR over FY24-27E. We maintain our ‘Hold’ rating with a revised target price of Rs3,063 (down from Rs3,107), valuing it at 15x on its Sep’26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Zee Entertainment Enterprises; target of Rs 145: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Zee Entertainment Enterprises ZEEL reported better than expected performance with EBITDA margin of 16.0% (PLe 12.5%) led by cost optimization efforts and narrowing losses in ZEE5. Over the last 2 quarters, ZEEL’s content and employee cost is down 17% and 11% respectively. Further, losses in ZEE5 are at a 4-year low level of Rs1,588mn. Despite a strong beat at operating level, we broadly maintain our estimates as we were already building-in a sharp back ended recovery (EBITDA margin of 17.3% in 2HFY25E) led by the cost optimization drive. We believe benefit of cost rationalization is partly overshadowed by a weak operating environment as evident from decline in domestic ad-revenue since 2QFY23 barring one quarter. While cost frugality is commendable, recovery in ad-environment is critical for re-rating. Outlook Retain HOLD with a TP of Rs147 (earlier Rs143). We have revised our target P/E multiple to 11x (earlier 12x) as we roll forward our valuation to Sep26E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Jindal Stainless; target of Rs 814: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Jindal Stainless Jindal Stainless (JDSL) reported weak but in-line standalone operating performance in Q2FY25. EBITDA/t at Rs17,833 was tad lower than PLe on product mix deterioration due to lower exports. Export volumes declined 20% YoY amidst global headwinds and weak demand in Europe &amp;amp; the US. The management has lowered the volume guidance for FY25 to 10-15% from ~20% earlier citing global challenges. However, domestic demand remains strong aided by planned railway infrastructure expansion and GoI’s focus on increasing usage of stainless steel (SS) in coastal areas. Things to watch out for: a) uptick in domestic demand post festivities in Q3FY25, b) recovery in export volumes post US elections, and c) SS and nickel pricing spreads. We expect JDSL to deliver strong 14%+ CAGR over FY24-27E as it has adequate capacity. Outlook We cut our FY25/26/27 EBITDA estimates by 7%/5%/3% incorporating lower SS volumes and pricing. We expect revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 16%/19%/25% over FY24-27E. At CMP, the stock is trading at 9.1x/7.4x EV of FY26E/FY27E EBITDA. Maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating with revised TP of Rs814 (earlier Rs849) valuing at 9x EV of Sep’26E EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1790: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Tech Mahindra TechM reported steady revenue growth &amp;amp; strong margin expansion in Q2FY25. Revenue came at US$1.59 bn, up 0.7% QoQ in CC vs our expectation of flat growth &amp;amp; cons. est. of 0.4% QoQ CC growth. Growth in qtr. was aided by verticals of Hitech, CME &amp;amp; BFSI offset by the weakness in Manufacturing. EBIT margin improved by 110 bps QoQ to 9.6% vs our est. &amp;amp; cons. est. of 60 bps &amp;amp; 70 bps improvement respectively due to currency tailwinds &amp;amp; savings from Project Fortius. New deal win was steady at US$ 603 mn vs deal win of US$ 534 mn in Q1. PAT came INR 12.6 bn vs our est. of INR 10.1 bn due to higher other income. Outlook The stock has witnessed strong run-up over the last few sessions, we believe all positives are factored into the CMP. The stock is currently trading at 21x FY27E, we are assigning P/E of 22x to FY27E with a target price of INR 1,790. We maintain “ACCUMULATE” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Havells India; target of Rs 2036: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Havells India Havells India’s (HAVL) reported healthy growth in revenue led by Cables and Lloyd’s non-season products (22.8%/18.5% YoY), while Switchgear saw soft revenue growth (+3.4% YoY). The company expects ECD segment growth momentum to continue from non-season products with positive demand outlook and some uptick in consumer trends. With Lloyd strategy focused on growth with profitability, we estimate positive EBIT for FY25. Led by capacity addition at Tumakuru and stability in RM prices, Cables business growth is likely to pick up in the coming quarters. We have downward revised our FY25E earnings by 4.3% to factor in the lower margin in H1FY25, while maintaining FY26E/FY27E estimates over strong commentary. Outlook We estimate revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 16.1%/21.6%/22.8% for FY24-27E with ECD/Cables/Lloyd segment revenue CAGR of 15.0%/17.7%/18.0% over FY24- 27E and EBITDA margin to reach 11.4% by FY27E (+150bps). Maintain ‘Accumulate’ rating at a DCF-based target price of Rs2,036 (same as earlier), which implies 54x FY27E earnings. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Finance Q2 preview: NII, profit to see double-digit growth led by strong loan growth, IPO arm stake sale [/INST] The full article is as follows: India's top non-bank lender Bajaj Finance is set to present its earnings report for the second quarter of fiscal FY25 on October 22. Analysts expect the lender to benefit from its stake sale in Bajaj Housing Finance done via a mix of fresh issue and offer-for-sale route as well as solid loan growth. According to Moneycontrol's poll of 6 brokerages, Bajaj Finance's net interest income is expected to increase by 32 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 9,557 crore in Q2FY25 from Rs 7,197 crore in the year-ago period. Profit, too, is likely to jump 33 percent YoY to Rs 4,464 crore in Q2FY25 versus Rs 3,551 crore in Q2FY24. Earnings estimates of analysts polled by Moneycontrol are in a positive range, so any surprises may elicit a sharp reaction in the stock. What factors are driving the earnings? Healthy loan growth: According to Motilal Oswal analysts, Bajaj Finance is expected to report AUM growth of 30 percent YoY or 7 percent QoQ in the September-ended quarter. Axis Securities, too, concurred with the view and projected 6 percent sequential growth in AUM for Q2FY25. Limited margin contraction: Despite the increase in cost of funds, Bajaj Finance's margin compression is likely to be lower, said Axis Securities. The highest margin was pegged by Emkay Global at 12.12 percent for Q2FY25, as compared to 12.63 percent in the year-ago period. Higher liquidity surplus: The consolidated liquidity surplus stood at Rs 20,100 crore versus Rs 16,200 crore on a sequential basis. Surplus liquidity stood at 5.4 percent of AUM versus 4.6 percent a quarter back. Motilal Oswal analysts attributed elevated liquidity on the balance sheet to fresh equity raise of Rs 35,600 crore in Bajaj Housinf Finance IPO in September. What to look out for in the quarterly show? Brokerages said commentaries on NIM trajectory, credit costs, and growth outlook will be the key monitorables going ahead. In the July-September quarter, shares of Bajaj Finance have surged over 8 percent, beating Nifty 50's 7 percent surge during the same period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Nestle India; target of Rs 2681: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Nestle India Nestle India’s (Nestle’s) Q2FY2025 numbers were weak, missing estimates on all fronts. Muted revenue growth at 1.3% y-o-y along with 144 bps y-o-y decline in OPM and lower other income lead to 9.1% y-o-y decline in adjusted PAT. Domestic business performance was muted with a 1% y-o-y revenue growth versus expectation of 5-6% growth (we believe volumes to have declined in low-single digits). Commodity prices of coffee and cocoa are on elevated levels, while milk prices have been relatively stable. OPM to be under pressure in the coming quarters. Outlook Stock continues to trade at premium valuations of 71x/64x/57x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E EPS, respectively. We maintain a Hold rating with an unchanged price target of Rs. 2,681. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate J Kumar Infraprojects; target of Rs 950: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on J Kumar Infraprojects J Kumar Infraprojects Ltd (JKIL) was Founded in 1980, has emerged as a leading infrastructure company in India. It is an India-based company that is engaged in the business of execution of contracts of various infrastructure projects including transportation engineering, irrigation projects, civil construction and piling work. The Company's offerings include metro, flyover and bridges, roads, and tunnels, civil and others, and water. Its metro offerings include metro underground, metro elevated, metro elevated stations, metro underground stations, and depots. Its flyover and bridges offerings include flyovers, bridges, pedestrian subways, skywalks, and road over bridges. Its roads and tunnels offerings include Roads, Highways, Expressways, Tunnels, and Airport runways. Its civil and other offerings include hospital/medical colleges, railway terminus and stations, commercial buildings, sports complex, and other civil constructions. Its water offerings include sewage treatment plants, riverfronts, tunnels, and others. Outlook We value the company’s business at 14X FY27E EPS to arrive at target price of Rs 950/share. The TP implies an upside potential of 28% from the recommended price. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals; target of Rs 124: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Mangalore Refinery &amp;amp; Petrochemicals (MRPL) reported lower-than-estimated results with an EBITDA loss of Rs4.7bn in Q2FY25 (vs EBITDA of Rs6.1bn in Q1, PLe EBITDA: Rs0.9bn, BBGe EBITDA: Rs3.5bn). Net loss came in at Rs6.8bn (vs PAT of Rs0.7bn in Q1, PLe net loss: Rs3.1bn, BBGe net loss: Rs1.2bn). Reported GRM stood at US$0.55/bbl with an inventory loss of US$2.93/bbl. Average Singapore GRM in Q3FY25-TD continues to remain weak at ~US$3/bbl amid demand concerns. We believe these weak GRMs would persist in the long term too given adequate refining capacity additions in China, India and the Middle East and weak demand prospects. We build in a GRM of US$4.3/7.5/7.5/bbl for FY25/26/27E. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 12.8x/12.8x FY26/27 EPS and 6.9x/6.5x FY26/27E EV/EBITDA. We maintain ‘Sell’ rating with a TP of Rs124 based on 6x avg FY26-27 EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2000: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on HDFC Bank HDFC Bank reported broadly in-line performance with strong deposit growth in Q2FY2025. Given the transition period, management’s relentless focus is towards balance sheet management and stability in return ratios. The bank shared its glide path for loan growth. In FY2025, it would probably grow slower than the system. Loan growth is expected to be at par with the system in FY2026; and from FY2027, it should see faster growth than the system. The quality of portfolio continues to be stable. Outlook The stock trades at 2.2x/1.9x its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 2,000 and remain assertive from the medium to long. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hyundai Group Chairman & CEO among Korean top brass expected to attend Hyundai Motor India listing [/INST] The full article is as follows: The much-anticipated listing of Hyundai Motor India is set to take place on October 22, with a significant presence from the company’s top executives. More than two dozen officials from Korea are expected to attend the event, including Hyundai Motor Group Executive Chairman &amp;amp; CEO Euisun Chung and Jaehoon Chang, President &amp;amp; CEO, Hyundai Motor, according to sources familiar with the situation. The listing of the Indian arm of the Korean auto giant is viewed as a major milestone for the firm, prompting many representatives from the parent company to participate in the ceremony scheduled for tomorrow at the NSE. Among those flying in are several CXOs and heads of key verticals, including autonomous vehicle planning and strategy. Incidentally, the Indian arm is also headed by a Korean -- Unsoo Kim – who serves as the MD &amp;amp; CEO of the company with his fellow national Wangdo Hur occupying the CFO’s chair. The COO of the Indian subsidiary, however, is Tarun Garg. The Rs 27,870 crore IPO of Hyundai Motor India – the largest till date in the Indian market – closed on October 17 and was subscribed 2.37 times with only institutional investors showing huge interest in the offering, which was entirely an offer for sale by promoter entities. Also Read: Hyundai India IPO GMP rebounds to green a day ahead of listing While the QIB portion was subscribed nearly seven times, the other portions – those reserved for HNIs and retail investors – remained undersubscribed. The price band for the offering was fixed at Rs 1,865-1,960 per share. The demand from retail investors remained sluggish as there were concerns over high valuation, a fall in grey market premium of shares and overall weak demand in the auto sector during the festive seasons. The company’s IPO experienced significant volatility in its grey market premium (GMP). According to platforms tracking GMP trends, the premium for Hyundai Motor India's shares dropped sharply into negative territory last week, after hitting a high of Rs 570 in late September. Ahead of the company’s IPO, the top brass of the auto major while speaking to Moneycontrol had said that its strategies are focused around looking for opportunities in terms of introducing new models, new technologies, EV space, and premiumisation. They had further said that they were “very optimistic” about the Indian auto market and are looking at a single-digit growth this year – on a high base of last year – and that there are not too many headwinds.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Havells, India; target of Rs 2117: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Havells, India Improved demand drove Havells’ revenue to grow 16% y/y, but margins dragged the Q2 performance. Supported by festival season offtake, we remain optimistic regarding H2 and expect margins to recover. Upbeat consumer sentiments are expected to drive ECD performance with B2B demand improving, driven by government spending. Outlook We maintain a Buy with a revised TP of Rs2,117 (54x FY27e EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Netweb Technologies shares hit 52-week high on 70% jump in Q2 profit [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Netweb Technologies hit new record high on October 21 after the company reported 70 percent rise in net profit in the second quarter of FY25. The stock jumped in early trading hours to Rs 2,949.8 on NSE, a 52-week high, before paring some of the gains to trade at Rs 2,787, up 3.93 percent at 12:14 pm. In the last one year, the shares of the company have recorded a massive 232.41 percent jump. The company had made hefty listing gains on its stock market debut on July 27, 2023, with a premium of 88 percent over its issue price of Rs 500. Last week, the company reported a net profit of Rs 25.7 crore in Q2FY25, an increase of 69.8 percent over Rs 15.14 crore in the same period of the previous financial year, according to the exchange filing released on October 19. The company posted Rs 15.44 crore in the first quarter of the current financial year, the filing showed. The total income was at Rs 253.1 crore in the reported quarter, a jump of 71 percent over the year-ago period. Ebitda came in at Rs 37.8 crore, while the Ebitda margin was at 14.9 percent in the September quarter. The order book also jumped 70 percent to Rs 369.7 crore in the September quarter from Rs 217.4 crore in the year-ago period, the filing showed. “With India's AI research ecosystem thriving through government initiatives and industry partnerships, the potential for innovation is immense. Netweb is well-positioned to harness these opportunities,” Sanjay Lodha, chairman and managing director, Netweb Technologies said. Netweb is India’s leading high-end computing solutions (HCS) provider, with fully integrated design and manufacturing capabilities, the company statement said.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Wipro; target of Rs 532: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Wipro Revenue for Q2FY25 stood at INR 223,016 Mn, down 1.0% YoY (+1.5% QoQ), in line with our projections. EBIT grew to INR 36,725 Mn, up 19.4% YoY (1.3% QoQ), in line with our estimates. EBIT margin stood at 16.5%, up 281bps (-4bps QoQ). The YoY expansion in margin is attributable to reduced employee costs, subcontracting fees, and other expenses. PAT grew to INR 32,266 Mn, up 21.0% YoY (+6.3% QoQ), exceeding our expectations on account of higher than anticipated other income. PAT margin expanded 262bps YoY (+64bps QoQ) to 14.5%. We increase our FY26 EPS to INR 25.3 (previously: INR 24.8) and a P/E Multiple of 21.0x (previously: 20.0x), reflecting a better-than anticipated Q2FY25 result, large deal wins, and improving conditions for discretionary spending, to arrive at a Target Price of INR 532 (previously: INR 497). However, the recent rally in the stock price in the last six months (+23.2%), has resulted in, an inflated valuation for the IT firm. Moreover, we feel that WIPRO’s performance relative to other Tier-1 firms has lagged, wherein firms like HCL Tech and Infosys have raised their revenue guidance. Outlook Moreover, we do not see any signs of a sharp recovery in Wipro’s EPS that would justify the current elevated levels and reiterate our &quot;REDUCE&quot; rating on the shares of Wipro Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy RBL Bank; target of Rs 325: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on RBL Bank RBL posted a miss in earnings (~33%) with PAT at Rs2.2bn/0.6% RoA, mainly due to dip in NIM to ~5%, higher staff cost (owing to pay hikes and ~800-900 in-house collection fleet added in Q2), and LLP (led by higher slippages in CC + MFI book). Credit growth also moderated to 15% YoY due to the bank’s strategy to prune its low-yielding corporate book and slowdown in unsecured loan growth (including Cards and MFI); however, the bank remains focused on building its high yielding secured retail/SME book for better RaRoC. GNPA ratio inched-up QoQ to 2.9% due to transitional pain in the BAF-RBL card portfolio (as the bank took charge of collection) and MFI book (mainly in Bihar). Bank expects asset quality pain to ease over the next 6M. Outlook We trim our estimates for FY25-27 factoring in higher staff cost and LLP, but retain BUY with TP of Rs325 (valuing the bank at 1.1x Sep-26E ABV). Current valuations remain inexpensive at 0.7x Sep-26E ABV. We recommend RBL for investors ready to trade near-term pain for long-term gain as the ongoing transformation should result in a sustained RoA of &amp;gt;1%. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Bank; target of Rs 2000: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on HDFC Bank HDFC Bank reported a 3% PAT beat at Rs168bn/1.9% RoA, primarily due to stable margins, contained opex, and provisions (due to reversal of Rs6.8bn AIF provisions). After an upset in 1Q, deposit growth returned – up 15% YoY/5% QoQ (Rs1.2trn), but credit growth fell to a low of 7% YoY as the bank focused on LDR management (down by 375bps QoQ to 100%) to allay regulatory concerns. However, the bank managed to maintain NIMs at 3.65% owing to better portfolio mix, defying the industry trend. Asset quality also held up well with GNPA ratio largely flat at 1.36% vs far more deterioration for peers, as the bank consciously contained growth in unsecured loans for the past few years. Outlook We retain BUY with TP of Rs2,000 based on 2.4x Sep-26E Standalone Bank ABV and subs valuations (Rs300/sh). Bank has received board approval to launch an IPO of its NBFC subsidiary – HDB Financial Services amounting to Rs125bn (incl OFS of Rs100bn) – to meet the regulatory guidelines and also unlock value. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce ICICI Lombard; target of Rs 1900: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on ICICI Lombard ICICIGI reported a mixed Q2FY25 result, where the operating performance at 10.8% YoY GWP growth and the combined ratio at 104.5% came in lower than our estimates; however, buoyant equity market-led capital gains at Rs2.37bn drove PAT to Rs6.9bn, which is 8.5% above our estimates. The management remains committed to its profitable growth strategy by targeting selected business and customer segments. The growth outlook looks challenging for the General Insurance sector due to factors such as no hike in Motor TP, muted new PV sales growth, and competitive pricing environment in Group Health and Commercial Lines. The profitability environment is also likely to remain tough as the competitive intensity in distributor’s payout stays high. Outlook To reflect the Q2 and external developments, we have adjusted our FY25-27 estimates leading to a slight increase in CoR, minor reduction in GWP, and ~3% cut in FY26-27E EPS (FY25E EPS increases by ~4% on higher capital gains). We reiterate our REDUCE rating on the stock with an unchanged Sep-25E TP of Rs1,900. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Zee Entertainment; target of Rs 140: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Zee Entertainment Zee reported a mixed operating performance in Q2FY25. Advertising revenue growth remained underwhelming, declining by another 7.9% YoY. Ad revenue has now declined (YoY) in last eight of the nine quarters. Subscription revenue saw an uptick of 9.2% YoY. Margins surprised positively as Zee contained expenses across the board. Management stated that advertising environment has picked up in September in the run-up to the festive season, although longterm spending trend remains uncertain as of now. Zee has made some progress on their financial aspirations which were announced after breakdown of the merger, though lack of ad revenue growth recovery remains the biggest concern. In our view, going ahead, the absence of revenue pickup will act as a hindrance for further margin expansion. Outlook We reiterate that a significant re-rating should be possible in case of a new partner/buyer. With persisting challenges on the advertising growth front, we cut our FY26-27 EBITDA by 8-10%. We maintain REDUCE with TP of Rs140 (8x Sep-26E Broadcasting EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 1700: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) continued to report margin contraction (11bps QoQ to 4.9%) due to lower loan asset yields which was due to slower growth in unsecured loans (including full impact of credit card suspension). This, coupled with higher LLP and lower other income led to a 4% miss on PAT at Rs33bn/2.2% RoA. Gross credit growth was healthy at 18% YoY, but sell-off via IBPC for BS management led to lower net credit growth at 15% YoY. Stress in unsecured loans including MFI and Cards has inched-up leading to higher NPAs QoQ to 1.5%; the bank expects some relief by 4Q. Bank continues to draw down specific PCR which reduced to 71% from 75% in Q1, despite peers holding higher specific PCR as well as contingent buffers. Outlook Factoring in slower growth and rising NPAs, we cut our earnings estimates by 1-5% over FY25-27E, while we retain our REDUCE rating with TP at Rs1,700 rolling forward on 1.7x Sep26E Standalone ABV and subs/inv value at Rs550/sh. The bank continues to work with external auditors and the RBI to release embargo on new credit card business and general banking customer acquisition through digital channels. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Waaree Energies IPO: Issue subscribed 3.32 times on Day 1; retail portion booked 317% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Waaree Energies' Rs 4,321-crore initial public offer (IPO) was off to a robust start on October 21, the first day of bidding, after the issue was subscribed 3.32 times. The public offer drew bids for 6.98 crore shares as against 2.1 crore shares on offer, showed exchange data. The company is a major player in the solar energy industry, focused on PV module manufacturing with an aggregate installed capacity of 12 GW as of June 30, 2023. There is also much buzz around Waaree Energies' grey market premium, which crossed the 100 percent premium ahead of its initial share sale on October 21. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates As per NSE data, non-institutional investors were at the forefront, buying nearly 8.09 times the portion reserved for them. The retail investor portion was booked 3.17 times while the employee quota was subscribed 1.57 times. QIBs or Qualified Institutional Buyers purchased 8 percent of the issue reserved for them. The IPO consists of a fresh issue of equity shares worth Rs 3,600 crore and an offer-for-sale (OFS) of 48 lakh shares, valued at Rs 721.44 crore, at the upper end of the price band, from promoters and existing shareholders. The total issue size amounts to Rs 4,321.44 crore. At the upper end of the price band, the company's market valuation is estimated at over Rs 43,179 crore post-issue. The proceeds from the fresh issue will primarily be used to establish a 6 GW manufacturing facility in Odisha, which will produce ingot wafers, solar cells, and solar PV modules. A portion of the funds will also be allocated for general corporate purposes. The company currently operates five manufacturing facilities across India: Surat, Tumb, Nandigram, and Chikhli in Gujarat, and the IndoSolar facility in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Polycab India; target of Rs 8300: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Polycab India Polycab reported strongest-ever Q2 with a stellar revenue growth of 30% y-o-y. Revenue growth was contributed by strong growth across segments C&amp;amp;W (24%), FMEG (21%) and Others (190%). Topline strongly beats our estimates. OPM fell by 355 bps due to high competitive intensity in wires segment, adverse product mix and higher spending on A&amp;amp;P expenses. Operating profit of Rs. 632 crore was up 3.7% y-o-y and company reported a PAT of Rs. 440 crore (3.6% y-o-y). Robust C&amp;amp;W volume growth is expected to continue, given a good capex outlook and a thriving real estate sector. EPC business is also on a strong growth trajectory. FMEG segment also did well in the quarter and with an increase in scale it will turn around its losses. Outlook Strong government and private capex with a growing real estate sector augurs well for growth of the company. We expect revenue/PAT to clock a CAGR of 20%/21%, respectively from FY24-27, with a good RoCE of 32%. Hence, we maintain a Buy rating on the stock with an unchanged PT of Rs 8300. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mastek; target of Rs 3610: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Mastek Reported revenues stood at $103.6 million, up 4.7% q-o-q/10.2% y-o-y in constant currency (CC) terms, beating our estimates of $101.5 million. EBITDA margin rose by ~125 bps q-o-q to 16.5%, beating our estimates of 16%. The company aims to operate EBITDA margins in the range of 17% to 17% plus. Company is confident of absorbing full impact of wage hike in Q3 through multiple margin levers and report good margin performance in Q3 and Q4. Outlook We maintain a Buy with revised price target (PT) of Rs. 3,610 (valued at 25xSep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 25.9/22.2/18.8x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tech Mahindra; target of Rs 1950: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Tech Mahindra Revenues stood at $1,589 million, up 0.7% q-o-q/ 1.2% y-o-y in CC terms, beating our estimates of $ 1,577 million. EBIT margin rose by ~110 bps q-o-q to 9.6%, beating our estimates of 9.0%.Net new deal win TCVs stood at $603 million, up 13% q-o-q. Margins are expected to steadily recover under Project Fortius, with the management prioritising margins over securing large deals. Outlook We maintain Buy with a revised price target of Rs 1950 (valued at 26x Sep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 33/25.3/20x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tata Consumer Products; target of Rs 1315: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Tata Consumer Products Tata Consumer Product Ltd’s (TCPL’s) Q2FY2025 performance was broadly in line with expectations with revenues growing by ~13% y-o-y (organic growth at 5%) and OPM rising ~50 bps y-o-y to 14.9%. Higher interest cost led to a ~6% y-o-y decline in PAT. Going ahead, Tata Salt is expected to perform well, corrective pricing action will drive recovery in NourishCo, Capital Foods and Organic India to witness q-o-q improvement in sales and India tea will see price-led growth. Organic revenue growth to gradually improve in quarters ahead. Margins to be under pressure in the coming quarters due to raw material price inflation. However, management is confident of margin improvement in the medium term on back of improved mix and efficiencies. Outlook Stock trades at 66x/52x/41x its FY25E/FY26E/FY27E EPS, respectively. We maintain Buy with an unchanged PT of Rs. 1,315. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Kotak Mahindra Bank; target of Rs 2100: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Kotak Mahindra Bank KMB reported a weak performance in Q2FY2025 although on expected lines led by NIM contraction, weak business momentum, and higher slippages in turn led to uptick in credit cost. Higher slippages were mainly from unsecured retail – credit cards and MFI segment. Stress has emerged in the old vintage book and would take 2-3 quarters to settle. The bank had already calibrated the risk framework in the unsecured segment last year and recent vintages continue to perform well. The bank has guided that it is on track to improve on the tech front, but timelines relating to overall submission to the RBI regarding lifting the embargo are still unclear. We remain constructive from a medium to long-term perspective. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised SOTP-based PT of Rs. 2,100, as the contribution of subsidiaries to the overall profitability has increased resulting into higher sub. value in our SOTP calculation. The stock is trading at 2.2x/1.9x its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: PNC Infratech hits 20% lower circuit on one-year ban from road ministry tenders [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of PNC Infratech hit 20 percent lower circuit at Rs 366 on October 21 after the Ministry of Road Transport &amp;amp; Highways disqualified the company and its two subsidiaries from participating in any of the ministry's tenders. In an exchange filing, PNC Infratech stated that it has been barred from tender processes for one year, effective October 18, 2024. The disqualification also applies to its subsidiaries, PNC Khajuraho Highways and PNC Bundelkhand Highways. The companies were summoned by the ministry for a personal hearing on October 18, following the FIR and charge sheet filed by the CBI in June and August 2024. The company clarified that ongoing development, construction, and operations &amp;amp; maintenance (O&amp;amp;M) activities would remain unaffected, while it will assess and communicate any potential impact on other operations. ALSO READ: Buy PNC Infratech; target of Rs 600: Sharekhan Despite the setback, PNC Infratech recently secured two significant orders worth Rs 4,630 crore from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation. The first contract, valued at Rs 2,268 crore, involves building the access-controlled Pune Ring Road. The second, worth Rs 2,362 crore, includes constructing a connector expressway to the Hindu Hrudaysamrat Balasaheb Thackeray Maharashtra Samruddhi Mahamarg from Jalna to Nanded. Both projects are slated for completion within 30 months under engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) models. Over the past three months, PNC Infratech’s stock has fallen more than 27 percent, underperforming the Nifty 50 index, which rose 1 percent in the same period. Of the 16 brokerages covering the stock, 12 have issued a 'buy' rating, 3 have a 'hold' rating, and 1 has a 'sell' rating.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Indiamart Intermesh shares tank 19% on Jefferies' downgrade despite decent Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Indiamart Intermesh tumbled 19 percent to Rs 2,447 in the morning trade on October 21 despite reporting a robust second-quarter earnings report which sparked a cautious outlook from analysts. The online B2B marketplace reported a substantial 94.7 percent year-on-year increase in net profit, reaching Rs 135.1 crore for the quarter ending September 30, 2024. While the company added 2,390 paid subscribers sequentially, collections growth slowed significantly, dipping to just 5 percent from 14 percent in the same period last year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Following the development, Jefferies downgraded the company to 'buy' to 'underperform', reducing its target price to Rs 2,540 per share. The international brokerage said that even as the company reported in-line Q2 results, subscriber growth remains weak, leading to a moderation in collections growth to just 5 percent year-on-year, a key negative from the quarter. Jefferies forecasts collections growth to range between 10-15 percent unless subscriber additions improve. The firm has also cut its estimates by 4-12 percent, citing a continued rise in subscriber churn despite multiple management interventions, which has been a negative surprise. The company's EBITDA margin improved to 38.7 percent, up from 27.2 percent in the same quarter last year, reflecting operational efficiencies. Deferred revenue also rose, totalling Rs 1,483 crore, marking a 19 percent increase YoY. Nomura maintained a 'Neutral' stance with a target price of Rs 3,150, pointing to weak collections and low subscriber additions as major factors dampening near-term prospects. The brokerage highlighted that, unlike previous trends, weak collection per customer growth is now coinciding with consistently low subscriber additions, averaging around 2,000 per quarter over the last five periods. At about 10:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 2,585, down 14.2 percent from the last close on the NSE. Indiamart Intermesh is currently trading way lower from its 52-week high of Rs 3,198.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Nestle India; target of Rs 2524: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Nestle India Nestlé's Q2FY25 performance fell below our expectations, primarily due to low consumer demand, the impact of a high base from H1FY24, and commodity headwinds. Increased competition has led to higher advertising and promotion (A&amp;amp;P) expenses, which in turn compressed EBITDA margins. Material costs came in above expectations, and management has indicated that these costs are likely to remain elevated in the near future. Other income was significantly lower than our projections. We lower our FY25E/FY26E EPS by 10.3% and 7.2%, respectively, mainly due to weak revenue performance in the quarter and headwinds in commodity prices, which impacted margin. Outlook We assign a P/E multiple of 65.1x (maintained) on FY26E EPS of INR 38.8 (previously: 41.8) to arrive at a target price of INR 2,524/share (previously: INR 2,721). Given the 6.1% upside potential, we maintain our ‘ACCUMULATE' rating on the shares of Nestle India. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: FIIs sell nearly $10 billion in secondary markets; shift focus to IPOs [/INST] The full article is as follows: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have sold nearly $10 billion in shares in the secondary markets so far in October, despite continuing to invest in the primary markets, where a wave of IPOs is emerging. FIIs have been net buyers in the primary market, accumulating $645 million in October to date. According to data from the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), FIIs were net sellers in the secondary markets for 12 consecutive sessions, offloading approximately $9.9 billion by October 17. Provisional data from the National Stock Exchange (NSE) further indicates that FIIs sold shares worth around Rs 5,485 crore on October 18. Catch all the market action on Moneycontrol's live blog Further, October has seen FIIs registering their highest-ever monthly outflow with the previous record for FII outflows witnessed in March 2020 at around $8.3 billion. Meanwhile, the primary market saw significant activity due to major IPOs, including Garuda Construction &amp;amp; Engineering and Hyundai Motor India Ltd, with a combined value exceeding Rs 28,000 crore. Additionally, five SME IPOs worth Rs 267 crore were launched in October. Ajay Bagga, an independent analyst, says that markets had already anticipated aggressive Fed rate cuts following the unexpected 50-basis-point reduction in September. Despite these expectations, recent US economic data indicating a robust economy while suggesting a “no-landing” scenario has driven a sustained rally in the US dollar over the past three weeks, leading to rising US yields, which typically have a negative impact on emerging markets (EM) capital flows. Consequently, India has experienced FII outflows, partly due to these factors and partly in response to China's stimulus measures, which significantly boosted Chinese markets. Analysts also highlight that Indian markets are trading at elevated levels with historically high valuations, which seem overly optimistic given the current economic backdrop of slowing growth, persistent inflation, high taxes, and elevated interest rates. Coupled with these challenging macroeconomic conditions, recent earnings reports across various sectors have been disappointing. These factors together have contributed to the sustained FII outflows from Indian markets. Kranthi Bathini, Director of Equity Strategy at WealthMills Securities, observed that a significant amount of speculative capital has flowed into India recently, with FIIs remaining net buyers even in September. However, the emerging valuation narrative suggests a &quot;sell India, buy China&quot; trend, as Chinese markets currently appear more attractive in terms of medium- to short-term valuations. As a result, some capital outflows from India are likely, they say while adding that despite this, flows from domestic institutional investors (DII) have remained robust, providing some support to the Indian markets.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kotak Mahindra Bank top Nifty loser as Q2 results disappoint Street, RBI embargo may weigh on outlook [/INST] The full article is as follows: Kotak Mahindra Bank shares fell over 4 percent to Rs 1,785 on October 21 after its September quarter results missed Street expectations. Weaker loan growth, higher slippages, shrinking margins, and the RBI's restrictions on its digital banking operations impacted the bank’s Q2 performance, with brokerages warning that these challenges could remain key concerns moving forward. Jefferies shared a 'hold' call on Kotak Mahindra Bank with a target price of Rs 2,080 per share, saying that the clarity on RBI embaro is key for future performance. Earlier this year, the RBI barred the private lender from onboarding new customers through its online and mobile banking channels and issuing fresh credit cards as deficiencies in the areas of IT inventory management was found. Goldman Sachs, too, remained cautious on the counter due to miss in Q2 results. The main feature disappointing in Kotak's Q2 performance were muted trends in asset quality. Both slippages and credit costs were higher than estimates, they noted. However, they retained a 'buy' call on the counter with a target price of Rs 2,286 per share as loan growth and pre-provision operating profit growth remained healthy. Kotak Mahindra Bank's net profit rose 4 percent year-on-year in Q2FY25 to Rs 3,344 crore, falling short of Street's estimated Rs 3,494 crore. Net interest income, meanwhile, jumped 11 percent YoY to Rs 7,020 crore in Q2FY25. However, net interest margin (NIM) moderated to 4.91 percent from 5.22 percent a year ago. ALSO READ: Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 results: Net profit rises 5% to Rs 3,344 crore, misses market estimates The major disappointment lied with its asset quality picture. Net NPAs (NNPAs) expanded to 0.43 percent from 0.37 percent, whereas gross non-performing assets (NPAs) shrunk to 1.49 percent by the end of September 2024 from 1.72 percent a year ago. JPMorgan analysts attributed the strain in asset quality due to 1.2 percent rise in net slippages amid pressure on cards and MFI business segments. CASA growth, too, remained muted at 4 percent YoY, with total deposit growth at 15 percent YoY and loan growth at 15 percent at YoY, they added, sharing an 'overweight' rating on the counter with a target price at Rs 2,030 per share.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Short Call: Auto stocks may disappoint in Q2 as demand falters; Axis Bank, Wipro in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: Just when the two-wheeler industry seemed poised to lift the spirits of the automobile sector, a slowdown may be looming. Bajaj Auto has added to the mounting concerns, trimming its growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent—down from its earlier range of 5-8 percent. For context, two-wheeler sales in September took a sharp hit, falling 10 percent month-on-month and 8.5 percent year-over-year, as weak consumer sentiment, low inquiry levels, and dwindling foot traffic hurt demand. Seasonal factors like the Shraddh period, Pitrapaksha, and heavy rains further dampened the market, leading to delayed purchases and a subdued buying environment. Meanwhile, the passenger vehicle (PV) segment is in deeper trouble. Sales plunged by 10 percent MoM and a striking 18.81 percent YoY, highlighting a troubling trend of waning consumer interest and growing market pessimism. The combination of seasonal lulls, heavy rains, and an overall sluggish economy has left dealers sitting on alarmingly high inventory levels—around 7.9 lakh vehicles worth Rs 79,000 crore, according to FADA data, with inventory stretching to 80-85 days. With this backdrop, both dealers and OEMs are now pinning their hopes on festive season sales, especially in rural markets where favourable agricultural conditions and improved cash flow are expected to fuel demand. But the road ahead remains uncertain. A strong October is essential, not just to offload excess inventory but also to set the stage for steady growth through the rest of FY25. Axis Bank (Rs 1,196.95, 5.75%) Reported strong Q2 numbers. Bull Case: The bank’s asset quality showed improvement in Q2, easing concerns that arose after the Q1 results. Credit costs were much lower on a quarter-on-quarter basis, and one-off gains were used to bolster contingency provisions. The management holds a strong positive long-term outlook. Bear Case: Falling deposit growth and low credit offtake can impact the private sector lender, especially since loan and deposit growth were soft on a quarterly basis. For the quarter, core revenue growth remained subdued and growth concerns linger. Wipro (Rs 547.8, +3.6%) Shares gained after the IT giant delivered earnings that exceeded street expectations on all major fronts, marking its first sequential revenue growth in six quarters of decline. Bull Case: Has a strong deal pipeline and solid financials for the long term. Deal wins improved on account of vendor consolidation opportunities and AI-powered solutions. On the vertical front, BFSI sector showed a modest improvement of 0.3 percent QoQ. Bear Case: Wipro has a strong deal pipeline and solid financials for the long term. Its execution lags behind peers limiting the company's ability to fully capitalise on growth opportunities. Rising subcontracting costs and cross-currency headwinds may negatively impact the company's operating margins, as per Axis Securities. (With inputs from Neeshita and Zoya). </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1345: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Axis Bank AXSB’s Net Interest Income (NII) grew 9.5% YoY/ 0.3% QoQ to INR 134,832 Mn in Q2FY25. NII was in line with our estimates. PPOP (PreProvisioning Operating Profit) for the quarter was INR 107,125 Mn, a growth of 24.1% YoY (+6.0% QoQ) led by higher non-interest income. Net profit grew 18.0% YoY (+14.6% QoQ) to INR 69,176 Mn in Q2FY25. Gross slippages for Q2FY25 were driven primarily by the retail segment, especially in unsecured loans. The bank is actively managing risk by analyzing various factors such as indebtedness and customer profiles to mitigate slippage risk. AXSB continues to manage its balance sheet conservatively, aiming for strong growth while maintaining a robust credit-deposit ratio. Loan growth is calibrated to ensure it aligns with deposits and regulatory requirements. Outlook We have raised our EPS of FY25E by 2.5%, considering improving operating leverage while maintaining EPS for FY26E. We maintain our target price of INR 1,345 per share, applying a 2.0x P/ABV multiple to its FY26E adj. book value. We reiterate our rating at “BUY” on AXSB. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Doms Industries shares rise as Prabhudas Lilladher initiates with 'buy' [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Doms Industries Limited advanced over a percent to Rs 2,967 in morning trade on October 21, extending gains for a second session in a row, after Prabhudas Lilladher initiated coverage with a 'buy' call as it sees various levers for growth. With a 'buy' call and a price target of Rs 3,349, the domestic brokerage forecasts an upside potential of 14.5 percent from the last close of Rs 2,924 on the NSE. Doms Industries has already had a remarkable year, rallying a staggering 133 percent on year-to-date basis. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The brokerage highlights the company’s strong brand recognition, driven by its consistent product innovation. DOMS' well-established distribution network, which spans across India, plays a key role in its market reach and penetration, analysts said. Additionally, DOMS' backward integration strategy provides a competitive advantage, enhancing its cost structure and operational efficiency. The company’s superior research and development capabilities, supported by its collaboration with FILA, have further strengthened its technical expertise, allowing it to stay ahead of competitors. Looking ahead, DOMS Industries is expected to see a revenue and PAT compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 26 percent and 28 percent, respectively, over FY24-FY27. Its recent entry into the diaper market, along with plans to expand into ancillary categories such as footwear, apparel, confectioneries, and sports gear, broadens its addressable target market. These developments present significant growth potential for the company in the coming years. Back in April, BNP Paribas also initiated coverage with an 'outperform' rating suggesting that the company is a top school stationery and art materials firm in India, and has doubled its sales in recent years without any hefty ad spending. Popular with kids, its success stems from innovation and in-house manufacturing, offering value and strong margins. In the first quarter, the company reported a rise of 49.5 percent in consolidated net profit to Rs 54.3 crore, while its revenue rose 17.3 percent at Rs 445 crore. At about 9:20 am, Doms Industries' share price was trading at Rs 2,948, higher by 0.8 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gravita India shares rise 3% as Nuvama initiates with 'buy', sees 38% upside [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Gravita India were off to a positive start on the bourses on October 21, rising over 3 percent to Rs 2600 after Nuvama Institutional Equities initiated coverage on the counter with a 'buy' recommendation citing various levers for growth. With a 'buy' call and a price target of Rs 3,475, the brokerage anticipates an upside potential of 38 percent from the last close of Rs 2,514 on the NSE. Gravita India shares have rallied a massive 130 percent since the start of the year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Nuvama expects the availability of battery scrap for organized recyclers in India to rise, driven by a regulatory push. In September 2024, the Government of India introduced penalties for non-compliance with recycling obligations and implemented a reverse charge mechanism for GST on metal scrap purchases from non-institutional dealers. As a pan-India player, Gravita India (GRAV) is well-positioned to benefit from increased capacity utilization and volume growth, with recycled lead volumes set to rise significantly over the next few years. GRAV maintains a strong balance sheet and plans to fund future capex internally, keeping its debt levels manageable, the brokerage said in a note. The company’s high asset turnover and solid profit margins are expected to drive strong returns. Given the rising focus on ESG concerns and GRAV's growth prospects, the stock holds significant value potential. With its widespread geographic presence across North, West, and South India, GRAV is the largest recycled lead producer in the country. This reach allows the company to efficiently source scrap and serve a broad customer base, reducing competitive risks. Its well-established network positions GRAV to capitalize on growing demand in the recycling space. However, the brokerage has also highlighted risks. Any delays in commissioning capex plans could impact the company’s FY27 EPS by approximately 9 percent. In the existing segment, GRAV is banking on a shift in the recycled lead market from the informal to the formal sector in India. This shift is expected to support higher capacity utilization and drive a projected volume CAGR of 34 percent over FY24–27E. Any significant delays in this transition could result in lower-than-anticipated volume growth. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 2,553, higher by 1.7 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Infosys; target of Rs 2041: Religare Retail Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: Religare Retail Research report on Infosys Infosys reported increased in Q2FY25 constant currency revenue growth by 3.1%/3.3% QoQ YoY respectively. In rupee terms, revenue reached ₹40,986 crore, marking a growth of 4.3% QoQ and 5.1% YoY. Dollar revenue stood at USD 4,894 million, up by 3.8% QoQ and 3.7% YoY. The growth was primarily driven by the manufacturing, energy, communications, financial services and high-tech sector. However, retail and life sciences sectors experienced a decline. Geographically, India and Europe showed strong growth, while North America remained flat. Outlook On a financial front, we expect revenue/EBIT to grow by 6.2%/10.1% CAGR over FY24-26E as we have incorporated management guidance for FY25. We have retained our rating to Accumulate on the stock by revising the target price to Rs 2,041 by assigning a P/E multiple of 26x (unchanged) on FY26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC Bank jumps 4%, emerges top Nifty gainer as Street rejoices Q2 results, fall in CD ratio [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of HDFC Bank surged 4 percent to Rs 1,748 apiece on October 21 after Street gave thumbs up to its September quarter performance. Strong metrics was observed on all counts, with slight deterioation seen in asset quality picture. Brokerages maintained their positive outlook on the stock, with price targets suggesting potential upside of up to 28 percent from current levels. The consensus view is that the bank is on a stable path to address post-merger challenges as NII, profit metrics grow and credit to deposit ratio drops. Bernstein reaffirmed its 'outperform' rating, setting a target price of Rs 2,100 per share. The firm noted that HDFC Bank appeared resilient compared to its peers, which have struggled with shrinking margins and rising credit costs. According to Bernstein, HDFC Bank's robust fundamentals, particularly in a challenging environment, differentiate it from the rest of the sector. Goldman Sachs echoed this bullish sentiment, reiterating its 'buy' rating and offering the highest target price among brokerages at Rs 2,156 per share. Analysts said that HDFC Bank's core operating profits were in line with expectations, but it saw an improved outlook for future earnings. ALSO READ: HDFC Bank to sell up to Rs 10,000-crore shares in HDB Financial IPO; total public issue size at Rs 12,500 crore &quot;The core PPoP RoA of 2.7 percent marked a second consecutive quarter with improvement. While provisions were 10 percent lower than estimates, PAT beat Street estimates by 10 percent,&quot; they added. HDFC Bank's key financial metrics showed solid growth, with 6 percent year-on-year rise in September quarter net profit, while net interest income grew by 10 percent YoY. Its NIMs also stood at 3.46 percent in Q2FY25, in-line with Street estimates. The bank’s asset quality deteriorated, with gross non-performing assets (NPAs) at 1.36 percent in Q2FY25, compared to 1.33 per cent in Q1FY25, and 1.34 percent in Q2FY24. Net NPAs of the bank stood at 0.41 percent compared to 0.39 percent in Q1FY25. A notable highlight from the quarter was a sharp drop in the bank's credit-to-deposit (CD) ratio, which fell to 99.8 percent. This marked the first time the ratio has dropped below 100 percent since the merger with mortgage giant HDFC in July 2023. Without giving a timeline or a desired level, the management said it would like to bring down the level further. &quot;It will take another 2-3 years to get the CD ratio back to the pre-merger levels of 86-87 percent,&quot; said S Vaidyanathan, Chief Financial Officer of HDFC Bank on a concall post Q2 results release. In response to the latest results, Investec raised its target price for HDFC Bank to Rs 1,625 per share from Rs 1,650 per share. However, the firm maintained a 'neutral' rating, pointing out that the bank's slower credit growth could limit further reductions in the CD ratio. They also highlighted that CASA (current account savings account) growth remains a critical factor in driving profitability.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Garden Reach shares gain 4% on LoI worth Rs 491 crore from Ministry Of Defence [/INST] The full article is as follows: The share price of Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers rose more than 4 percent intraday on October 21, following the receipt of a Letter of Intent from the Ministry of Defence for a significant contract. At 09:35am, Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers was quoting at Rs 1,842.00, up Rs 76.85, or 4.35 percent, on the BSE. This contract, valued at around Rs 491 crore, involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, and commissioning of an Acoustic Research Ship (ARS), with a timeline of 36 months. Catch all the market action on our live blog Earlier in this month, the company received two letters of Acceptance of Award for Contract for design, build, operation and maintenance of Hybrid Electric Ferries under the WBIWTLSD Project, Transport Department, Government of West Bengal. Total 13 units comprising of 100 Pax Hybrid Electric Ferries for Cross Ferry Operation - Non-AC and 200 Pax Twin Deck Hybrid Electric Ferries for Cross Ferry Operation - With AC on Main Deck worth Rs 226.18 crore and to be executed in 30 months. Last month, the company received a USD 54-million order for the construction and delivery of four additional multi-purpose vessels from Germany-based Carsten Rehder Schiffsmakler and Reederei GmbH &amp;amp; Co.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a positive start on October 21, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,932, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Equity benchmark indices rebounded in trade on Friday after three days of decline after buying in banks, financial services and metal stocks. However, it underperformed the broader markets. The BSE Sensex closed 218.14 points higher to 81,224.75 on October 18. Sensex rebounded over 800 points in today's trading session from its day's low of 80,409.25. The NSE Nifty rose 104.20 points to 24,854.05. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Gains) The GIFT Nifty is trading higher, indicating a flat to positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,932 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asia’s benchmark stock index made modest gains, while gold touched a record high as tensions in the Middle East stoked demand for the asset as a haven Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.01 -1.87 8.52 Nikkei 0.06 -0.70 11.28 Hang Seng -1.02 -2.18 22.70 Taiwan 0.55 5.35 27.25 Kospi 0.63 -2.91 -6.24 US Equities (Gain) The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&amp;amp;P 500 chalked up record closing highs on Friday, with the Nasdaq also in positive territory, as markets were boosted by an earnings-driven jump in Netflix shares and broader gains across technology stocks. On Friday, the S&amp;amp;P 500 rose 23.20 points, or 0.40%, to 5,864.67 points, while the Nasdaq Composite advanced 115.94 points, or 0.63%, to 18,489.55. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 36.86 points, or 0.09%, at 43,275.91. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.09 2.57 16.01 S&amp;amp;P500 0.40 2.10 24.23 Nasdaq 0.63 1.65 24.45 US Bond Yield (Up) The US 10-year Treasury yield was up 14 bps at 4.08 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield rose 16 bps at 3.95 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.08 3.47 4.91 US 2-Year Treasury 3.95 3.59 5.07 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar index were trading with modest gain at around 103.50 in the early trade on Monday. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.47 100.72 106.16 Asian currencies (Higher) Except Thai Baht and Singapore Dollar, all other Asian currencies were trading higher in the early trade on Monday. On a Year-to-date basis, Thai Baht added the most followed by Malaysian Ringgit, Singapore Dollar and Japanese Yen. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.168 -0.943 -4.50 South Korean Won 0.047 -2.47 0.802 Japanese Yen 0.121 -3.86 3.66 Philippines Peso 0.186 -2.43 -0.393 Thai Baht -0.051 -0.646 11.79 Taiwan Dollar 0.050 0.056 1.90 China Renminbi 0.291 -0.300 1.92 Malaysian Ringgit 0.016 -2.39 10.93 Singapore Dollar -0.008 -1.51 3.94 Crude (Up) Oil prices steadied in early trading on Monday, following a more than 7% drop last week on worries about demand in China, the world's top oil importer, and an easing of concerns about potential supply disruptions in the Middle East. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.43 2.01 -2.97 Brent Crude 0.40 2.15 -4.82 Gold (Gains) Gold reached a record on Monday, with safe haven demand continuing to support prices as traders monitored escalating tensions in the Middle East and the increasingly tight US election race. Bullion climbed as much as 0.3% to an all-time high of USD 2,729.30 an ounce, topping last week’s peak by a few dollars. The bullish sentiment has also spilled over to silver, which was trading at the highest since 2012. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.26 3.54 32.23 Silver 0.39 8.66 42.31 LME Commodities (UP) Except Nickel all other commodities were prices were trading firm in the early trade on Monday with Aluminium added over 2 percent, while Copper and Zinc were up 1 percent each. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 2.29 0.02 9.56 Copper 1.15 -2.07 12.48 Nickel -0.64 -3.52 1.77 Lead 0.12 -1.15 0.17 Zinc 1.23 -0.05 16.23 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling as they sold equities worth Rs 5,485 crore on October 18, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 5,214 crore on the same day. 18th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -5,485.70 -64,794.58 -2,07,330.77 DII Net Flows 5,214.83 1,06,056.43 4,11,640.14 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: HDFC Bank, Tech Mahindra, JSW Steel, UCO Bank, JM Financial, MCX, Tata Consumer in focus on Monday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today UltraTech Cement, Union Bank of India, Bajaj Housing Finance, 360 ONE WAM, Authum Investment &amp;amp; Infrastructure, Aurionpro Solutions, Bhansali Engineering Polymers, CG Power and Industrial Solutions, City Union Bank, Cyient DLM, Gravita India, HFCL, Jana Small Finance Bank, Mahindra Logistics, NELCO, Route Mobile, Solara Active Pharma Sciences, and Supreme Petrochem will release quarterly earnings on October 21. Quarterly Earnings HDFC Bank Q2 (standalone YoY) Profit grows 5.3% to Rs 16,821 crore Vs Rs 15,976.1 crore Net interest income increases 9.9% to Rs 30,107.9 crore Vs Rs 27,385.2 crore Gross NPA rises to 1.36% Vs 1.33% (QoQ) Net NPA climbs to 0.41% Vs 0.39% (QoQ) Provisions and contingencies drop to Rs 2,700.5 crore Vs Rs 2,903.8 crore (YoY), but down from Rs 2,602.06 crore (QoQ) HDFC Bank to sell Rs 10,000 crore worth shares of HDB Financial Services via offer-for-sale in the proposed Rs 12,500-crore IPO, fresh issue size is Rs 2,500 crore HDFC Bank completes sale of 91% stake in HDFC Education for Rs 174.72 crore to Vama Sundari Investments Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit increases 4.8% to Rs 3,343.7 crore Vs Rs 3,191 crore Net interest income jumps 11.5% to Rs 7,019.6 crore Vs Rs 6,296.6 crore Provisions and contingencies surge to Rs 660.4 crore Vs Rs 366.55 crore Provisions and contingencies increase to Rs 660.4 crore Vs Rs 578.5 crore (QoQ) Net NPA rises to 0.43% Vs 0.35% (QoQ) Gross NPA climbs to 1.49% Vs 1.39% (QoQ) Kotak Mahindra Bank to acquire personal loan book of Standard Chartered Bank, India Tech Mahindra Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit zooms 46.8% to Rs 1,250.1 crore Vs Rs 851.5 crore Other income spikes 260.4% to Rs 521.5 crore Vs Rs 144.7 crore Revenue increases 2.4% to Rs 13,313.2 crore Vs Rs 13,005.5 crore Dollar revenue climbs 1.9% to $1,588.7 million Vs $1,558.9 million EBIT grows 16.2% to Rs 1,280.4 crore Vs Rs 1,102.3 crore Margin expands to 9.6% Vs 8.5% New deal wins at $603 million Vs $534 million Tata Consumer Products Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 0.04% to Rs 359.3 crore Vs Rs 359.2 crore Revenue grows 12.9% to Rs 4,214.5 crore Vs Rs 3,733.8 crore EBITDA jumps 16.6% to Rs 626.3 crore Vs Rs 537.1 crore Margin expands 50 bps to 14.9% Vs 14.4% RBL Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit plunges 24% to Rs 223 crore Vs Rs 294 crore Net interest income grows 9% to Rs 1,615 crore Vs Rs 1,475 crore Net interest margin drops to 5.04% Vs 5.54% Tax expenses stand Rs 69.04 crore Vs tax write-back at Rs 203.45 crore Net NPA rises to 0.79% Vs 0.74% (QoQ) Gross NPA climbs to 2.88% Vs 2.69% (QoQ) Multi Commodity Exchange of India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands at Rs 153.6 crore Vs loss of Rs 19.1 crore Revenue spikes 73% to Rs 285.6 crore Vs Rs 165.11 crore EBITDA at Rs 179.4 crore Vs EBITDA loss of Rs 28.7 crore UCO Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit surges 50% to Rs 602.7 crore Vs Rs 401.7 crore Net interest income grows 20% to Rs 2,300.3 crore Vs Rs 1,916.6 crore Gross NPA drops to 3.18% Vs 3.32% (QoQ) Net NPA falls to 0.73% Vs 0.78% (QoQ) Jindal Saw Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 33.6% to Rs 475.3 crore Vs Rs 355.8 crore Revenue rises 1.9% to Rs 5,571.9 crore Vs Rs 5,466.2 crore EBITDA grows 13.7% to Rs 914.1 crore Vs Rs 804 crore Margin expands to 16.4% Vs 14.7% Dalmia Bharat Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit tanks 60.5% to Rs 49 crore Vs Rs 124 crore Revenue declines 2.09% to Rs 3,087 crore Vs Rs 3,153 crore EBITDA falls 26.8% to Rs 434 crore Vs Rs 593 crore Margin drops 470 bps to 14.1% Vs 18.8% Oberoi Realty Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 29% to Rs 589.4 crore Vs Rs 456.8 crore Revenue grows 8.4% to Rs 1,319.9 crore Vs Rs 1,217.4 crore EBITDA increases 27.5% to Rs 813.8 crore Vs Rs 638.2 crore Margin expands sharply to 61.6% Vs 52.4% Mangalore Refinery &amp;amp; Petrochemicals Q2 (Standalone YoY) Loss stands at Rs 682.3 crore Vs profit of Rs 1,059.3 crore Revenue jumps 29% to Rs 24,967.9 crore Vs Rs 19,353.3 crore PC Jeweller Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit stands Rs 178.9 crore Vs loss of Rs 138.1 crore Revenue grows 12.4% to Rs 505 crore Vs Rs 449.2 crore Finance cost drops significantly to Rs 1.6 crore Vs Rs 123.7 crore L&amp;amp;T Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 16.9% to Rs 695.6 crore Vs Rs 595.1 crore Revenue rises 25.06% to Rs 4,019.3 crore Vs Rs 3,213.8 crore Jio Financial Services Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 3.1% to Rs 689.07 crore Vs Rs 668.2 crore Revenue from operations grows 14.05% to Rs 693.5 crore Vs Rs 608 crore Mastek Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 104.8% to Rs 128.7 crore Vs Rs 62.8 crore Revenue grows 13.3% to Rs 867.4 crore Vs Rs 765.5 crore Netweb Technologies Q2 (YoY) Profit spikes 70% to Rs 25.7 crore Vs Rs 15.14 crore Revenue zooms 73.2% to Rs 251.06 crore Vs Rs 144.98 crore Rossari Biotech Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit climbs 7.2% to Rs 35.3 crore Vs Rs 32.9 crore Revenue increases 3.1% to Rs 498.4 crore Vs Rs 483.5 crore Punjab &amp;amp; Sind Bank Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 26.7% to Rs 239.6 crore Vs Rs 189.09 crore Net interest income jumps 29.3% to Rs 872.9 crore Vs Rs 674.9 crore Gross NPA falls to 4.21% Vs 4.72% (QoQ) Net NPA drops to 1.46% Vs 1.59% (QoQ) Lloyds Engineering Works Q2 (YoY) Profit zooms 48.7% to Rs 27.9 crore Vs Rs 18.8 crore Revenue jumps 74.2% to Rs 212.1 crore Vs Rs 121.8 crore Indostar Capital Finance Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit grows 27.9% to Rs 31.7 crore Vs Rs 24.8 crore Net interest income surges 68.2% to Rs 157.2 crore Vs Rs 93.5 crore Stocks To Watch JSW Steel Jsquare Electrical Steel Nashik, a wholly owned subsidiary of JSW JFE Electrical Steel—a 50:50 joint venture between JSW Steel and JFE Steel Corporation—has entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire 100% stake in thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel India for Rs 4,051.4 crore. JM Financial The Reserve Bank of India has lifted the restrictions imposed on JM Financial Products, a material subsidiary of the company, with immediate effect. The RBI had restricted the company from financing against shares and debentures in March this year. Now, the company is allowed to provide financing against shares and debentures. Alembic Pharmaceuticals The pharma company has received final approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) for its abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for Diltiazem Hydrochloride extended-release capsules USP in 120 mg, 180 mg, and 240 mg. These capsules are used for the treatment of hypertension. Godrej Properties The company has acquired 3 acres of land in Ahmedabad, which has a development potential of 0.9 million square feet of saleable area. This area comprises premium residential apartments with an estimated booking value of Rs 1,300 crore. Dodla Dairy The dairy company has completed the acquisition of a 35.23-acre land parcel in Dharashiv, Maharashtra, for setting up a plant. Wipro The company has incorporated its step-down subsidiary, Wipro Life Science Solutions, LLC, in the US, effective October 10, to explore new business opportunities in the life sciences segment. Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers The company has received letters of intent for a contract worth Rs 491 crore from the Ministry of Defence. The contract involves the design, development, construction, integration of equipment, testing, certification, commissioning, and supply of one Acoustic Research Ship (ARS). Canara Bank The Bank of Tanzania has approved the sale of assets and liabilities of Canara Bank Tanzania to Exim Bank Tanzania, leading to the eventual winding up of Canara Bank Tanzania. KPIT Technologies The Board will consider fundraising via the issuance of equity shares or any other instruments on October 23. Additionally, the company's wholly owned step-down subsidiary, PathPartner Technology GmbH in Germany, has been voluntarily liquidated effective October 2. Star Cement Vinit Kumar Tiwari has resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of the cement company, effective October 18, due to personal reasons. MOIL The company has signed a draft joint venture agreement with Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation (MPSMCL) for carrying out exploration and mining activities, including value addition projects in Madhya Pradesh. This agreement is subject to the approval of the respective Boards and the Government. CG Power and Industrial Solutions The Board will meet on October 21 to consider fundraising via the issuance of equity shares, debentures, warrants, preference shares, or any other equity-linked securities. PG Electroplast The Board has approved the issuance of equity shares or other convertible securities worth up to Rs 1,500 crore via Qualified Institutions Placement. Bank of Maharashtra The lender has increased its marginal cost of funds-based lending rate for tenure of more than six months by 5 basis points from 9% to 9.05%, effective October 19. PTC Industries The company has executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Rcapital, Liam Marc Bevington, Kevin Andrew Mooney, and Paul Brian Young for the acquisition of 100% shareholding in Trac Precision Solutions. Trac specializes in designing and manufacturing precision-engineered components for the aviation, defence, and power generation markets, with a presence in the United Kingdom. HMA Agro Industries The company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Perbadanan Kemajuan Pertanian Selangor (Selangor Agricultural Development Corporation), a government entity from the state of Selangor, Malaysia, for joint collaboration for the supply of frozen boneless buffalo meat and exploring other initiatives. Bulk Deals Inox Wind iShares Global Clean Energy UCITS ETF bought a 0.52% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 222.3 per share, amounting to Rs 151.72 crore. MTAR Technologies iShares Global Clean Energy UCITS ETF and iShares Global Clean Energy ETF sold a 1.42% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,681.39 per share, valued at Rs 73.52 crore. VA Tech Wabag iShares Global Water UCITS ETF bought a 1.03% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,875.14 per share, valued at Rs 120.2 crore. However, UBS Principal Capital Asia sold a 0.81% stake at an average price of Rs 1,869.73 per share, amounting to Rs 94.32 crore. Stock Turns Ex-Dividend JNK India F&amp;amp;O Ban Aarti Industries, Birlasoft, Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Hindalco, HDFC Life Insurance, Mazagon Dock, Tube Investments, MCX India and others on Monday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices rebounded smartly from a two-month low, with the Nifty 50 rising 0.4 percent on October 18 after three days of losses; however, the market breadth was weak. About 1,311 shares declined against 1,183 shares that advanced on the NSE. The index may extend its upward trend in the upcoming session but overall remains consolidative. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Rajesh Palviya, Senior Vice President Research (Head Technical Derivatives) at Axis Securities Multi Commodity Exchange of India | CMP: Rs 6,561 MCX India is in a strong uptrend across all time frames, forming a series of higher tops and bottoms, indicating bullish sentiment. The stock is well positioned above its 20, 50, 100, and 200-day SMA (Simple Moving Average), which are also inching up along with the price rise, reaffirming the bullish trend. The daily, weekly, and monthly strength indicator RSI (Relative Strength Index) is in positive territory, justifying the rising strength across all time frames. Investors should buy, hold, and accumulate this stock with an expected upside of Rs 7,000-7,150, with a downside support zone of Rs 6,280-6,000. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,000, Rs 7,150 Stop-Loss: Rs 6,280 Hindalco Industries | CMP: Rs 753.5 On September 26, Hindalco decisively broke out of an &quot;Inverse Head and Shoulder&quot; formation at the Rs 718 level on a closing basis. With the price action over the past three weeks, the stock managed to hold the neckline support and rebounded sharply. Recently, the stock has recaptured the 20-day SMA support of Rs 733 and bounced sharply. The daily, weekly, and monthly strength indicators RSI are also in positive territory, reinforcing the bullish sentiment. Investors should buy, hold, and accumulate this stock with an expected upside of Rs 800-835, with a downside support zone of Rs 725-710. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 800, Rs 835 Stop-Loss: Rs 725 Samvardhana Motherson International | CMP: Rs 205 On the daily chart, Samvardhana Motherson International is trending within an &quot;up-sloping channel,&quot; indicating a bullish trend. The stock is in a strong uptrend across all time frames, forming a series of higher tops and bottoms, showing bullish sentiment. The stock is well positioned above its 50, 100, and 200-day SMA, which are also moving up along with the price rise, reaffirming the bullish trend. Investors should buy, hold, and accumulate this stock with an expected upside of Rs 223-232, with a downside support zone of Rs 195-190. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 223, Rs 232 Stop-Loss: Rs 195 Rajesh Bhosale, Technical Analyst at Angel One Tube Investments of India | CMP: Rs 4,489 For the past few months, Tube Investments of India prices have been trading within a range of Rs 4,400 to Rs 3,900. However, last week (ended October 18), they broke above the upper end, confirming a bullish breakout. This pattern is known as a channel breakout, and following the recent consolidation, the stock appears poised for strong upside, potentially moving into uncharted territory. Prices are well above key moving averages, and oscillators remain in the positive zone, reinforcing the buy signal. Hence, we recommend buying Tube Investments of India around Rs 4,480-4,470. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,800 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,300 HDFC Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 742.5 HDFC Life Insurance Company had already shown a bullish breakout on the weekly chart but consolidated within a range due to subdued market conditions. Last week, prices broke out of a continuation pattern known as a Pennant. The increase in volume over the last few sessions further supports this breakout. Additionally, both the daily and weekly RSI (Relative Strength Index) have crossed above 60, signaling strong positive momentum. Hence, we recommend buying HDFC Life Insurance Company around Rs 743-740. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 800 Stop-Loss: Rs 714 Torrent Power | CMP: Rs 1,973.65 Torrent Power prices have consistently followed a positive trend, forming higher tops and higher bottoms. Over the past few weeks, prices struggled around Rs 1,960, but last week they closed above that level, entering uncharted territory in this sluggish market, indicating inherent strength. We anticipate this outperformance to continue, given the price structure and positive signals from various indicators. Hence, we recommend buying Torrent Power around Rs 1,974-1,970. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,120 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,904 Jigar S Patel, Senior Manager - Equity Research at Anand Rathi BEML | CMP: Rs 4,039 BEML has recently formed a Triple Bottom pattern near its 200-day Exponential Moving Average (DEMA), indicating strong support at this level. This is coupled with a bullish divergence in the daily RSI, a sign that the stock's downward momentum is weakening, making the setup more attractive for potential buyers. In the latest trading session, BEML broke past its previous swing high of Rs 3,900 and has managed to sustain above that level, further strengthening the bullish outlook. As a result, we recommend entering a long position in the stock between Rs 4,000 and Rs 4,050, targeting an upside of Rs 4,500. A stop-loss should be placed at Rs 3,780 on a daily closing basis to limit downside risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,500 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,780 Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders | CMP: Rs 4,526.4 Since reaching a peak of Rs 5,843 on July 5, 2024, Mazagon Dock has formed a series of lower highs and lower lows, leading to a significant 34 percent correction in its price. Currently, the stock has found support at its 100-day (DEMA) and has formed a double bottom pattern, which is a bullish reversal signal. In the previous trading session, Mazagon Dock also broke through a descending trendline, further enhancing its attractiveness from a technical perspective. Additionally, the RSI has risen above the 50 level, which previously acted as resistance and now serves as support. Given these factors, we recommend buying Mazagon Dock in the price range of Rs 4,475 to Rs 4,530, with an upside target of Rs 4,950. A stop-loss should be placed at Rs 4,275 on a daily closing basis to manage risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,950 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,275 JK Paper | CMP: Rs 489.55 Over the past month, JK Paper has been trading in a consolidation range between Rs 445 and Rs 475, and it has recently broken out of this zone, indicating potential upward movement. Notably, this consolidation phase occurred between the 100-day and 200-day DEMA, which is considered a positive technical signal, as it suggests a stable base for further gains. Additionally, the RSI, which had been consolidating between 40 and 50, has also given a breakout and is now retesting 52-53 levels. Based on these indicators, it is recommended to take a long position in the stock within the Rs 482 to Rs 492 range, targeting an upside of Rs 535, with a stop-loss at Rs 463 on a daily closing basis to manage risk. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 535 Stop-Loss: Rs 463. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC Bank expects slower credit growth in FY25; maintains steady NIMs amid rate cut prospects [/INST] The full article is as follows: HDFC Bank's credit growth is expected to lag behind the industry in FY25 but align with the overall industry growth rate by FY26, according to Sashidhar Jagdishan, Managing Director and CEO of HDFC Bank, during the Q2FY25 conference call. By FY27, the bank anticipates outpacing the industry in credit growth. Jagdishan also addressed the impact of potential future rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India, stating that they are unlikely to significantly affect the bank's net interest margins (NIMs). While quarterly fluctuations in NIMs may occur due to the gradual nature of rate changes, the overall margin is expected to remain stable. HDFC Bank reported a 5 percent increase in net profit year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 16,821 crore in the July-to-September quarter. The lender's net interest income (NII) rose 10 percent YoY to Rs 30,114 crore. HDFC Bank's gross non-performing assets (GNPA) stood at 1.36 percent in Q2FY25, marginally higher than 1.33 percent at the end of the preceding quarter. HDFC Bank's net NPAs stood at 0.41 percent, increasing from 0.39 percent quarter-on-quarter (QoQ). Also Read | HDFC Bank to sell up to Rs 10,000-crore shares in HDB Financial IPO; total public issue size at Rs 12,500 crore Total deposits grew 15.1 percent YoY to Rs 25 lakh crore in the July-September quarter. In the July-September quarter, gross advances of the bank increased by 7 percent YoY to Rs 25.19 lakh crore. Retail loans grew by 11.3 percent, and commercial and retail banking grew by 17.4 percent. However, corporate and other wholesale loans were lower by 12 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kotak Mahindra Bank eyes tractor demand revival in H2 despite flat growth in H1 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Kotak Mahindra Bank's tractor financing business remained flat in the first half of the financial year, following an 8 percent decline in the previous year as it faced challenges from erratic climatic conditions and a slower rural economy, said Shanti Ekambaram, said Deputy Managing Director and Whole Time Director at Kotak Mahindra Bank. However, the lender continues to focus on the segment as it expects a revival in tractor demand in H2FY25 because of the government's rural infrastructure push, she said in Kotak Mahindra Bank's Q2FY25 conference call. She added, &quot;We also expect the cash flow in the rural and semi-urban areas to improve and hope to see better collection efficiencies in a tractor in H2.&quot; Also Read | Kotak Mahindra Bank says ‘actively working’ on RBI directive about credit cards, digital customer acquisition The bank's micro-credit segment fell by 4 percent in Q2FY25 and is expected to slowdown in the current quarter as well, said Ekambaram. The slowdown was driven by over-leveraged borrowers and weaker rural household incomes, leading to increased delinquencies, said the management. The bank expects the slowdown to continue over the next two to three quarters. Kotak Mahindra Bank reported a net profit of Rs 3,344 crore for Q2 FY25, a 4.8 percent increase year-on-year (YoY). The private sector bank’s net interest income (NII) in the July-September quarter rose 11 percent year-on-year to Rs 7,020 crore. The lender's net interest margin (NIM) moderated to 4.91 percent from 5.22 percent a year ago. Also Read | Kotak Mahindra Bank’s NIM shrinks in Q2, as lender says secured loan book grew, IPO funds added pressure Kotak Mahindra Bank's deposits saw steady growth, with average total deposits increasing by 16 percent YoY to Rs 4.46 lakh crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market falls continue in third week, rupee flat [/INST] The full article is as follows: Market extended the losing streak in the third consecutive week ended October 18 amid high volatility led by muted Q2 earnings expectations, continues FII outflows and ongoing Middle East tensions. This week, BSE Sensex was down 156.61 points or 0.19 percent to end at 81,224.75, while the Nifty50 index shed 110.25 points or 0.44 percent to finish at 24,854. BSE Mid-cap Index shed 1 percent with Indraprastha Gas, Oil India, Colgate Palmolive (India), NHPC, Exide Industries, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Godrej Industries, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, United Breweries, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electrical falling 5-16 percent. However, gainers included Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, MphasiS, Tube Investments of India, Torrent Power, Federal Bank, Godrej Properties, Voltas, ICICI Securities. The BSE Large-cap Index slipped 0.7 percent dragged by Bajaj Auto, Avenue Supermarts, Bandhan Bank, Zomato, LTIMindtree, Nestle India, while gainers included Adani Energy Solutions, HDFC Asset Management Company, Wipro, DLF, ICICI Bank. The BSE Small-cap index ended flat. Nalwa Sons Investment, Precision Camshafts, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, Renaissance Global, IFB Industries, Kalyani Investment Company, Sanghvi Movers, Va Tech Wabag, Pilani Investment and Industries Corporation, Best Agrolife, Pennar Industries, PC Jeweller, Angel One added 15-43 percent. On the other hand, Magellanic Cloud, Heubach Colorants India, Manappuram Finance, Sudarshan Chemical Industries, Kamdhenu Ventures, Mahanagar Gas, Quick Heal Technologies, Valor Estate, KEI Industries, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, SpiceJet lost 10-24 percent. On the sectoral front, Nifty Auto index slipped nearly 5 percent, Nifty Metal index fell nearly 2 percent, Nifty Media, FMCG and Oil &amp;amp; Gas index shed 1.5 percent each. On the other hand, Nifty Bank index up nearly 2 percent, Nifty PSU Bank index added 1 percent, and Nifty Realty index gained 0.6 percent. In terms of the market value, ICICI Bank added the most, followed by HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro. On the other hand, Bajaj Finance, Infosys, Mahindra and Mahindra lost the most of their market-cap. During the week, Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling as they sold equities worth Rs 21,823.34 crore, which was compensated by Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) as they bought equities worth Rs 16,384 crore. In the month till now, the FIIs sold equities worth Rs 80,217.90 crore, while DIIs purchased equities worth Rs 74,176.20 crore. The Indian rupee ended on flat note at 84.07 per dollar in the week ended October 18.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: FIIs net sell shares worth Rs 5,485 crore, DIIs net buy Rs 5,214 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: On October 18, Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) net bought shares worth Rs 5,214 crore. On the other hand, Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) net sold shares worth Rs 5,485 crore, provisional data from NSE showed. DIIs bought Rs 13,850 crore worth of shares and sold shares worth Rs 8,635 crore. Meanwhile, FIIs purchased Rs 12,348 crore in shares and offloaded equities worth Rs 17,834 crore during the trading session. In the year so far, FIIs have net sold shares worth Rs 2.19 lakh crore, while DIIs have bought shares worth Rs 4.92 lakh crore. At close, the Sensex was up 218.14 points or 0.27 percent at 81,224.75, and the Nifty was up 104.20 points or 0.42 percent at 24,854. Axis Bank, Wipro, Eicher Motors, ICICI Bank, Shriram Finance were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers included Infosys, Britannia Industries, Nestle India, HUL and Asian Paints. &quot;Broad market indices underperformed compared to the Nifty even as the advance decline ratio fell to 0.90:1. And Asian shares traded mostly higher on Friday after China’s central bank released plans for supporting the stock market through share repurchases by companies and major shareholders,&quot; said Deepak Jasani, head of retail research at HDFC Securities. He added that European equities were mixed on Friday as investors assessed another round of underwhelming earnings updates, which added further to the debate over the strength of the region’s economy and traders rolled back expectations of interest-rate cuts in the face of solid retail sales.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 18 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty bounced back from early losses to close in the green on October 18, as several sectoral indices recovered. Banking and auto stocks led Nifty's gains, while IT and FMCG sectors saw declines. Banking stocks rose by 1 percent ahead of the highly anticipated Q2 FY25 results from HDFC Bank and Kotak Mahindra, due on October 19. At close, the Sensex was up 218.14 points or 0.27 percent at 81,224.75, and the Nifty was up 104.20 points or 0.42 percent at 24,854.00. Zomato | CMP: Rs 259 | Shares fell over 4 percent ahead of the food delivery aggregator's board considering fundraising through qualified institutions placement (QIP) on October 22. However, the company did not disclose the quantum of funding it is looking to raise.The foodtech giant’s board would also consider and approve its financials for the quarter ended September 2024 on the same day. Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders | CMP: Rs 4,552 | Shares soared over 7 percent as the company announced plans to mull stock split and interim dividend in its board meeting on October 22, Tuesday. The company has also fixed the record date of Wednesday, 30 October 2024 for the purpose of payment of interim dividend on equity shares for the financial year 2024-25, if declared by the board. Tejas Networks | CMP: Rs 1,180 | Shares soared nearly 5 percent in the run-up to the company's Q2 earnings, due to be released later in the day. The upmove in the stock was also triggered by a surge in trading volumes in the counter. As much as 18 lakh shares of Tejas Networks changed hands on the exchanges so far, significantly higher than the one-month average traded volume of four lakh shares. Tanla Platforms | CMP: Rs 827 | Shares tanked 3.5 percent as investors flew the stock after the company reported dismal earnings for the July-September period. The company's net profit sank 9 percent on year to Rs 130.2 crore while revenue fell one percent to Rs 1,000.70 crore. Revenue from the company’s digital platforms segment declined nearly 8 percent year-on-year to Rs 88 crore. However, Tanla Platforms noted that excluding the impact of Vodafone Idea, the segment's revenue actually grew by 16 percent. Infosys | CMP: Rs 1,885 | Shares of IT giant slipped over 4 percent after the company delivered a slight miss in its Q2 earnings.The company reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, reflecting a 2.2 percent sequential increase, though it fell short of Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations grew 4.2 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 40,986 crore, slightly missing the forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. Wipro | CMP: Rs 548 | Shares of Wipro surged nearly 4 percent after the IT giant delivered earnings that exceeded street expectations on all major fronts, marking its first sequential revenue growth in six quarters of decline. Wipro's consolidated net profit for Q2 FY25 rose by nearly 7 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 3,209 crore, surpassing Moneycontrol's estimate. City gas distribution | City gas distribution (CGD) players Indraprastha Gas and Mahanagar Gas shares cracked up to 10 percent after announcing that the priority gas allocation of gas to the CGDs is being cut sharply to ~50 percent, from levels of ~70 percent currently. The managements of both companies expect an adverse impact on their profitability and are in discussions with key stakeholders to minimise the impact. Manappuram Finance | CMP: Rs 154 | Manappuram Finance’s stock crashed around 13 percent after the RBI barred the gold financier’s subsidiary Asirvad Microfinance and other NBFCs from disbursing loans. The Reserve Bank of India’s action also led to brokerages downgrading their ratings on Manappuram Finance. According to the central bank, there were concerns regarding the pricing policy of these NFBCs, which are deemed to be in excess and not in compliance with the regulations. Axis Bank | CMP: Rs 1,197 | Shares of Axis Bank jumped 6 percent as it delivered an impressive second quarter with net profit surging to Rs 6,917.57 crore, driven by robust core lending income amid strong credit demand. Following this performance, several brokerages have issued bullish calls on the stock. Ajmera Realty &amp;amp; Infra India | CMP: Rs 867 | Shares advanced 8 percent after the company raised Rs 225 crore on preferential allotment of shares to marquee investors. The board of directors of the company in their meeting held today approved the allotment of 31.64 lakh shares with a face value of Rs 10 per equity share to allottees on preferential basis. Shares were issued at an issue price of Rs 711 per equity share which is a discount of 11.66 percent to Thursday's closing price of the counter.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Infosys; target of Rs 2110: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Infosys Infosys Q2FY25 result earnings came largely in line with our projections. Revenue reached INR 4,09,860 Mn, reflecting a 5.1% YoY increase (+4.3% QoQ), in line with our estimates, driven by broad-based growth across key verticals and regions. EBIT of INR 86,490 Mn grew by 4.5% YoY (+4.4% QoQ), in line with our projections; EBIT margins remained flat QoQ at 21.1%, however, seeing a marginal drop of 12bps YoY. PAT jumped by 4.8% YoY (+2.2%QoQ) to INR 65,160 Mn; PAT margins declined by 4bps YoY (-31bps QoQ) to 15.9%. Outlook We project FY26E EPS of INR 72.8 assigning a P/E of 29.0x (in line with TCS FY26 P/E), to arrive at a TP of INR 2,110 (previously: INR 1,933) reflecting INFO’s robust growth across verticals, pick-up in the BFSI segment, and improving discretionary spending boosted by recent rate cuts. Accordingly, we retain an “ACCUMULATE” rating on the shares of Infosys Ltd. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1350: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Axis Bank Despite 9% YoY growth in NII, Axis Bank (Axis) reported Q2FY25 PAT of INR 69.2bn, up 18% YoY, driven by strong treasury gains (INR 11.1bn) and contained opex. The bank utilised favourable tax provisions w-back (INR 5.4bn) towards prudential provisions (INR 5.2bn). Core NIM was flattish QoQ at 3.99% as cost of deposits was flat. Gross retail slippages remained elevated at ~2.7% annualised, though overall net NPA ratio (at 34 bps) was unchanged QoQ and net credit cost improved QoQ to 54bps. We increase our credit cost estimate to ~70bps each for FY25/26E, given the rising stress in unsecured retail loans. Business growth was muted at ~2% QoQ and advances growth (up 11.4% YoY) is now below systemic growth. We expect strong business seasonality for Axis in H2 and build in ~5/4% QoQ growth for next two quarters in deposits / advances. However, given the weak H1 and elevated LDR (92%), we cut loan growth estimate to ~13% YoY for FY25E. CET 1 stands reasonable at 14.12%. Outlook We estimate Axis to deliver RoA of ~1.65%/1.6% and RoE of ~16/15% for FY25/26E, respectively. Risk rewards appear favourable with stock trading at ~1.6x FY26E core banking and &amp;lt;11x FY26E EPS. Maintain BUY with revised TP of INR 1,350 (vs INR 1,430 earlier), valuing the stock at ~1.9x (~2.0x) FY26E core banking business and INR 126 per share of subsidiaries. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Havells; target of Rs 2120: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Havells Havells reported strong performance in B2C segment with 20% revenue growth YoY. Broad-based growth across segments led to strong revenues but higher operational costs weighed on margins. Takeaways: (1) Higher consumer demand led to strong double digit revenue growth in key segments of ECD, cables and Lloyd. Weakness in industrial switchgear business impacted overall segmental growth (+3.3% YoY). (2) Higher ad spends (due to the festive season) and staff cost weighed on EBITDA margin. With normalisation in these costs, EBITDA margin may recover in H2FY25E. (3) Lloyd’s segmental growth (+18.5% YoY) was driven by non-RAC businesses. (4) Capex intensity may continue as the company aims to spend INR 19bn over the next two years. We cut FY25/26E earnings by 5.6%/3.1% to factor in Q2FY25 result. Outlook At our DCF-based revised TP of INR 2,120, the stock trades at 68x FY26E EPS and 56x FY27E EPS. We remain positive on Havells led by its diversified business model, established brands and sub-segmentation strategy. Maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Nestle; target of Rs 2350: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Nestle Nestle’s Q2FY25 revenue growth was disappointing; it further de-accelerated to 1% YoY (vs 4% in Q1FY25) due to subdued consumer demand (urban has been witnessing decelerating demand trends over last few quarters). Gross margin was largely flat (despite significant inflation in key inputs) while EBITDA margin declined ~155bps YoY to 22.4% due to operating deleverage. Higher prices of key raw materials (cocoa, coffee etc.), margins are likely to remain under pressure. That said, Nestle appears to have a market share gain opportunity given the relative immunity from cocoa inflation as its key brands KitKat and Munch have lower cocoa content vs competition (~5% vs ~20% in Cadbury). Outlook Though we considered upgrading Nestle post stock underperformance of ~20% over last 12 months, we are unable to find any fundamental reasons, as of now. Maintain HOLD with revised TP of INR 2,350. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Polycab India; target of Rs 6790: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Polycab India Takeaways: (1) Polycab reported robust broad-based revenue growth YoY led by favourable demand tailwinds. All segments reported strong double digit revenue growth YoY. (2) EBITDA margin at 11.5% (-295bps YoY) was at two-year low. We reckon high volatility in commodity prices and inferior product mix weighed on margins. Revival in contribution of high margin domestic wires and cables led by reduction in low margin EPC business may lead to EBITDA margin expansion in FY26. (3) FMEG segment reported strong revenue growth at the cost of margins. We reckon the trend may continue in near term as the company aims to expand its market share. (4) Capex intensity has remained high. Polycab is on track to spend INR 10- 11bn in FY25, highlighted by INR 5.8bn on capex until Sep’24. We believe the strong revenue growth trajectory may continue in FY25E led by favourable demand tailwinds. Maintain HOLD. Outlook We model Polycab to report revenue/PAT CAGR of 18.5%/19.4% over FY24–27E and RoCE of 20% in FY27E. Maintain HOLD with DCF-based revised TP of INR 6,790 (earlier: INR 6,400; implied P/E of 39x FY26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Tata Communication; target of Rs 1855: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Tata Communication Tata Communications’ (TCom) H1FY25 revenue print was muted due to subdued orderbook in FY24, and longer deal conversion cycle. However, it has built a large sales funnel, which started showing benefits in H1FY25 with a few very large deal wins, and orderbook expanding by 25%. Further, new sales forces also started contributing to funnel, and it could help accelerate order booking. TCom still aspires to achieve digital business revenue of INR 180bn in FY27 (vs INR 44bn in H1FY25), and end FY25 with 20% EBITDA margin. It has made significant progress in monetisation of non-core asset on excess land. It is also reviewing other non-core assets which could help unlock value. Outlook Our estimates remain unchanged with TP of INR 1,855 based on 30x FY26E EPS. Maintain HOLD. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Wipro; target of Rs 500: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Wipro Wipro’s (WPRO) 0.6% QoQ CC revenue was ahead of our and consensus estimates. BFSI-led growth was in line with the results announced so far in the sector, marking third consecutive quarter of BFSI vertical growth for WPRO. Q2FY25 saw good execution with 3/6 verticals showing positive QoQ growth, net headcount addition, 14.5% YoY large deal TCV uptick and 35bps QoQ margin expansion. However, WPRO faces the problem of all verticals/ segments not growing simultaneously in harmony and that still persists. There was continued weakness in manufacturing, energy &amp;amp; utilities. Europe is experiencing client-specific issues. Outlook Q3FY25 guidance at -2% to 0% QoQ CC is muted, pencilling in higher furloughs, contrary to what peers have indicated, partially due to Capco led additional furloughs. Maintain REDUCE with a revised TP of INR 500 (from INR 520 earlier) at 20x P/E on Q3FY26E- Q2FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Tanla Platforms stock tanks after firm reports weak Q2 numbers [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Tanla Platforms tanked close to 7 percent on October 18 as investors flew the stock after the company reported dismal earnings for the July-September period. The company's net profit sank 9 percent on year to Rs 130.2 crore while revenue fell one percent to Rs 1,000.70 crore. Revenue from the company’s digital platforms segment declined nearly 8 percent year-on-year to Rs 88 crore. However, Tanla Platforms noted that excluding the impact of Vodafone Idea, the segment's revenue actually grew by 16 percent. Additionally, EBITDA margins for the quarter contracted by 198 basis points year-on-year to 17.5 percent, mainly due to lower gross profit growth and an increase in indirect costs. At 1.20 pm, shares of Tanla Platforms were trading at Rs 827.85 on the NSE, though still in the red but off its day's low of Rs 800.30. Furthermore, the selloff in the stock today was also triggered by heavy trading volumes as nine lakh shares changed hands so far, higher than the one month daily traded average of four lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action During Q2, the company faced higher cloud and hosting charges as part of its infrastructure revamp initiatives. Employee costs also rose on the back of salary increments, net additions, and restricted stock unit (RSU) expenses. Furthermore, there was a rise in marketing and general expenses, although this was partially offset by forex gains. All of these factors, when combined weighed on the company's operating margins as well as bottomline. &quot;Amidst the dynamic landscape, we have navigated shifts effectively while building a foundation for sustained growth. With strategic investments in OTT, platform innovation, and investment for future growth, Tanla is positioned to drive impactful industry shifts,&quot; Uday Reddy, Founder Chairman and CEO of Tanla Platforms said in an exchange filing. Reddy also remarked another deal that Tanla signed with one of the largest banks in India this quarter for Wisely ATP.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Mphasis; target of Rs 3050 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Mphasis Mphasis reported a steady performance in Q2 with revenues came in at US$ 421 mn, up 2.4% QoQ CC (2.7% QoQ USD) above our est. (1.9% QoQ CC) &amp;amp; consensus est. (2.4% QoQ USD). Direct revenue grew by 2.4% QoQ CC. The growth was led by TMT vertical (+5.5% QoQ), while BFS and Insurance continued their recovery with +3.2% &amp;amp; +1.9% QoQ respectively. Americas region grew by 2.4% QoQ. EBIT margin improved by 40bps QoQ to 15.4%, inline with estimates. TCV was soft in quarter at US$ 207 mn, down 35.1% QoQ &amp;amp; 18.8% YoY due to delay in deal closures. The Q2 growth was broad-based in terms of Vertical mix, Service lines and Geo stand point. The key vertical BFSI (60% of rev) accelerated its growth momentum in Q2 with healthy recovery in sub-segments coupled with decent uptick in refinance volume within mortgage space. Outlook The stock is currently trading at 28x/24x FY26E/FY27E. Given the valuations have stretched and all positives are already factored into the price, we maintain “HOLD” on MPHL assigning PE of 25x to FY27E with a target price of Rs 3,050. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Nestle India; target of Rs 2689 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Nestle India NEST displayed a weak quarter of low-single digit topline amid muted consumption demand, continued food inflation &amp;amp; volatile commodity prices. Near term outlook remains tepid given 1) volatility in consumer demand due to rising food inflation 2) higher prices of inputs like coffee, cocoa and edible oils, which might require price hikes 3) rising competition in key category of Instant Noodles (60% of tonnage volumes) and Dairy. Long term drivers remain intact, led by 1) sustained innovation pipeline 2) focus on premiumisation 3) huge scope of growth in coffee, RTD &amp;amp; Chocolates 4) higher growth in channels like E-Com (8.3% of sales) and MT and 5) likely benefits from Rs50bn capex plan over next 3 years (1H25 capex at~Rs11bn). Outlook We cut our FY25/FY26/FY27 estimates by 6.0%/6.3%/6.7% given 1) likely margin headwinds as input costs of cereals, edible oil, coffee &amp;amp; cocoa are moving up and 2) delayed volume recovery due to likely price hikes in coffee and chocolates and competition in Instant Noodles and Dairy. We cut our DCF based target price to Rs. 2689 (Rs.2862 earlier). Although near term outlook remains uncertain, accumulate at lower levels for LT gains. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate Wipro; target of Rs 580 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Wipro Wipro's Q2 results were notably stronger than expectations, with both revenue and margins exceeding expectations. It reported IT Services revenue of US$ 2.6 bn, up 0.6% QoQ CC compared to our &amp;amp; cons. est. of flattish quarter. Capco continues its positive momentum but weakness in few segments &amp;amp; client specific issues restricts broad based recovery. Margin performance was impressive during quarter despite 1-month impact of wage hike. Deal wins were robust with TCV of US$ 3.6 bn &amp;amp; large deal wins of US$ 1.5 bn. However, after an impressive Q2 the outlook still remains soft as Q3 will be marked by furloughs due to which company is guiding for revenue guidance of -2 to 0% QoQ CC growth in Q3. As anticipated the growth momentum within Capco continued in 2Q with 3.2% QoQ CC growth, which is a third consecutive quarter of delivering growth above 3% QoQ. Outlook We estimate revenues/earnings CAGR of 4.1%/8.8% over FY24-FY27E. The stock is currently trading at 20x FY27E. We are assigning P/E of 22x to FY27E with a target price of Rs580. We maintain “ACCUMUALTE” rating. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Engineers India; target of Rs 250 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Engineers India EIL is well-positioned to capitalize on the large pipeline of refinery &amp;amp; petrochemical capex in India, which is driven by rising oil &amp;amp; petchem demand and the government’s focus on reducing petchem imports. The company is also strongly focused on enhancing its green energy business by engaging in projects in green hydrogen &amp;amp; ammonia production, biofuels, and coal gasification. It also aims to diversify its business towards non-oil segments such as infrastructure. Meanwhile, on the international front, EIL is focusing on key oil &amp;amp; gas markets such as the Middle East and Africa. Increased execution of a strong order book worth over Rs110bn, and rising share of high-margin Consultancy segment in the mix will aid EIL’s profitability. However, the pace of execution will be a key monitorable. We believe EIL’s long-term growth prospects remain intact given the 1) healthy order book &amp;amp; project pipeline, 2) opportunities in energy transition, 3) growing exports business, and 4) lean balance sheet. The stock is trading at a P/E of 28.2x/20.5x on core FY25/26E EPS. Upgrade to ‘Buy’. Outlook We upgrade Engineers India (EIL) to ‘Buy’ from ‘Accumulate’ given the recent correction in the stock price, with an unchanged SoTP-derived TP of Rs250, valuing the Consultancy/Turnkey segments at a P/E of 25x/10x on FY26E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1530 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Axis Bank AXSB saw a soft quarter as core PAT was 2.3% below due to lower NII driven by weaker loan offtake while asset quality saw a blip on account of higher gross slippages as stress in unsecured continues. Bank commentary suggested that due to focus on optimised returns, corporate and retail growth would be calibrated considering the risk-reward profile and challenges in the unsecured segment. Hence, AXSB may prefer on profitability over growth in the near term. We cut loan growth by 2%/1% in FY25/26E as (1) constrained deposit flow may restrict loan growth in short term (2) CET-1 is lower to peers at ~14% and (3) LDR remains elevated at 92%. Favorable tax order of Rs5.5bn allowed buffer creation of Rs5.2bn taking the total contingent provisions to Rs55.2bn or 55bps of net loans. Outlook We reduce core PAT for FY25/26E by 1.7%/4.3% owing to lower loan growth. We maintain multiple at 2.2x and but as we roll forward to Sep’26E ABV, we raise TP to 1,530 from Rs1,425. Retain ‘BUY’.We upgrade Engineers India (EIL) to ‘Buy’ from ‘Accumulate’ given the recent correction in the stock price, with an unchanged SoTP-derived TP of Rs250, valuing the Consultancy/Turnkey segments at a P/E of 25x/10x on FY26E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Infosys; target of Rs 2260 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Infosys INFY reported another strong quarter with revenue of US$ 4.9 bn, up 3.1% QoQ CC (in-line of PLe &amp;amp; above cons. est. of 2.9% QoQ CC). Manufacturing &amp;amp; Europe led growth in Q2; aided by In-Tech integration led the growth. EBIT margin was flat at 21.1% vs PLe &amp;amp; cons. est. of 40 bps &amp;amp; 30 bps improvement due to higher amort. &amp;amp; variable pay headwinds offset by project maximus gains &amp;amp; currency benefits. Lumpy nature of wins kept large deals wins at US$2.4 bn vs US$ US$ 4 bn in Q1. Strong H1 performance, deal pipeline, &amp;amp; traction in below US$ 50 mn deals has led to revision of revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5% CC growth while the margin guidance is maintained at 20-22%. INFY reported another quarter of broad-based growth with continued momentum in the key verticals and geographies, part of the growth (0.8% QoQ) was led by In-Tech integration. The sub-segments within Fin Services have recovered meaningfully in Q2, partly aided by improving spends on the discretionary areas. Outlook We estimate USD revenues/earnings CAGR of 8.1%/12.1% over FY24-FY27E. The stock is currently trading at 24x FY27E, we are assigning P/E of 27x to FY27E with a target price of INR 2,260. We maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy LTIMindtree; target of Rs 7360 Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on LTIMindtree LTIM reported strong revenue growth of 2.3% QoQ CC (USD 2.8% QoQ), in line with our estimates of 2.3% CC and above consensus estimates of 2.4% USD QoQ. The growth was broad-based across verticals and geographies with healthcare growing by 6.1% QoQ while BFSI sustained its growth momentum with 3.9% QoQ growth. EBIT margin grew by 50 bps QoQ to 15.0% vs our estimates of 30 bps improvement largely due to absence of one off visa expense incurred in Q1. Deal wins were steady in Q2 with bookings of US$ 1.3 billion, including a multi-year large deal of US$200 million TCV. The company executed strongly with broad-based growth across verticals and geographies aided by healthy momentum within BFSI coupled with strong recovery in other parts of the portfolio. Despite having strong momentum across BUs, the nature of the engagement continues to be cost-focused while discretionary continues to get deprioritized. Outlook With strong execution strategy and robust sales engine, LTIM is well positioned to play in the challenging environment with a mix of cost and transformation programs. We are baking in USD revenue/earnings CAGR of 9.7% and 13.7%, respectively. We are assigning P/E of 32x to FY27E with a target price of INR 7360. Maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Mahindra Finance; target of Rs 360: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Mahindra Finance As the company's Mission 2025 nears its finishing line, it has been a case of ‘glass half full’. With Q2FY25 business updates already lowering expectations on growth and the asset quality front, we believe the negativities around growth, asset quality, and profitability are already priced-in with MMFS shares down 17% QTD Q3FY25 (vs NIFTY down ~4% and NIFTY Midcap down 3%). Notwithstanding some setbacks caused by the confluence of internal and external factors, we see the management's medium-to-long term strategy to deliver diversified and profitable growth to be gradually progressing on the right track. Overall, beyond the gradual expansion toward 2.2% in the near term, beginning of the rate-cut cycle, rebound in tractor sales, seasonal improvement in asset quality, absence of MFI and unsecured PL exposure, and the palatable valuation at FY26E P/B of 1.6x make a strong BUY case for MMFS. Outlook We upgrade MMFS to BUY with our revised Sep-25E TP of Rs360 (implying FY26E P/BV of 2x; up from Rs280 earlier), as we see the inflection point for MMFS in terms of growth, asset quality, and profitability to be around the corner. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karur Vysya Bank; target of Rs 300: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Karur Vysya Bank Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) continues to deliver strong earnings growth with PAT at Rs4.7bn and peer-best RoA at ~1.7%, driven by strong and stable margins @4.1%, contained opex, and higher recoveries from w-offs. Credit growth moderated a bit to 14.6% due to the bank’s strategy to pull-out from the low yielding corporate book and deceleration in the PL/VF book; however, it continues to grow its secured LAP/GL book. Improvement in overall asset quality is maintained with GNPA ratio reducing to a low of 1.1%/NNPA at 0.3%, while shoring-up specific PCR to 75% and also building contingent/floating provision buffers. The only upset during 2Q was the continued fall in LCR to 128% (135% in Oct-24) from 185% in 1Q due to re-working instructions given by the RBI auditors for a few banks. Outlook We largely retain our earnings estimates, and expect the bank to continue delivering superior RoA/RoE at 1.7%/17-18% over FY25-27. We retain BUY with revised TP of Rs300 (earlier Rs275), rolling fwd at 1.6x Sept-26E ABV. KVB remains our top pick among SMID PVBs given strong RoA, asset quality, capital/provision buffers, and management stability. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Tejas Networks stock climbs 7% ahead of Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Tejas Networks surged 7 percent on October 18 in the run-up to the company's Q2 earnings, due to be released later in the day. The upmove in the stock was also triggered by a surge in trading volumes in the counter. As much as 18 lakh shares of Tejas Networks changed hands on the exchanges so far, significantly higher than the one-month average traded volume of four lakh shares. At 11.36 am, shares of Tejas Networks were trading at Rs 1,194 on the NSE. Aside from today's sharp swing, the stock has remained rather weak in the past three months as it shed close to 17 percent of its value. Meanwhile, Tejas Networks also anticipates completing the deployment of all necessary network equipment and infrastructure for the rollout of 4G services at Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) by the end of this fiscal year. In addition to the 4G deployment, the company expects to successfully conclude its network equipment trials with Vodafone-Idea by the end of this month, according to N. Ganapathy Subramaniam, advisor for telecom strategic initiatives at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and chairman of Tejas Networks' board of directors, a report by Live Mint said. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action At the current pace, Tejas Networks, in collaboration with TCS, aims to deploy 75,000 network sites, or towers, by the end of this year. The complete network is expected to be fully deployed and operational for customers by the end of this fiscal year. &quot;Some delays in the network deployment process are due to the remoteness of certain sites, which poses challenges related to power availability and other infrastructure issues. However, our network is nearly ready,&quot; the report stated. TCS had secured a $1.83 billion contract from BSNL for this network deployment back in May last year, which is anticipated to be completed within two years, marking it as one of the largest telecommunications contracts globally.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1400: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Axis Bank Axis Bank reported another soft quarter with credit growth slipping to 11% YoY, while higher slippages/w-offs led to elevated provisions (including contingent provisions). However, higher treasury gains and favorable tax judgement led to 10% PAT beat at Rs69bn. Credit growth moderation was mainly driven by contraction in low-yielding corporate book and retail book (housing/ VF/ PL). On the asset quality front, the bank indicates that stress in unsecured loans remain elevated, but is hopeful of some relief in 2H. On recent draft guidelines on overlapping business between bank and NBFC subsidiaries, the bank plans to seek clarification from RBI. Given lower CET 1 at ~14%, Axis Bank shall raise capital at an opportune time. Factoring in slower credit growth and higher LLP, we trim our earnings estimates by 1-4% over FY25-27E. Outlook However, we retain BUY with unchanged TP at Rs1,400, valuing standalone bank at 1.8x Sep-26E ABV and subsidiaries at Rs100. The long awaited MD &amp;amp; CEO term extension by the RBI will be keenly watched in the near term. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Nestlé India; target of Rs 2400: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Nestlé India Q2 result was weaker than street and our expectations, wherein sales growth was 1% (5% below expectations) and adjusted earnings declined 9% (14% below expectations). EBITDA margin saw 150bps YoY contraction amid surge in A&amp;amp;P spends; gross margin remained steady at 56%. Amid inflationary stress, Nestlé India’s core categories saw demand pressure. Factoring in muted topline show in 1H, we lower revenue expectations by 3% over FY25-27. We cut our earnings 8% for FY25E and ~3% over FY26-27E. The recent stock correction has priced in near-term pressure, reflecting in 1Y fwd P/E at 62x near -1 SD (5Y avg). Outlook We downgrade Nestlé India to REDUCE from Add with a 14.3% cut in TP to Rs2,400 amid sustained topline pressures; our target valuation multiple reduces to 60x (~10% discount to last 5Y avg. fwd. P/E of 67x). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Financials, oil & gas, auto, FMCG see huge selling by FIIs between October 1-15 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Foreign investors, who have been major sellers in October so far, have significantly reduced their holdings in the financial, oil &amp;amp; gas, automotive, and FMCG sectors. Foreign investors offloaded over Rs 66,000 crore worth of Indian equities between October 1-15. This persistent FII selling was driven by geopolitical tensions, elevated market valuations, and anticipation of subdued earnings growth for the September quarter. Additionally, the sell-off followed the announcement of economic stimulus measures by China in response to its slowing economy. Financial stocks experienced the highest selling pressure, with outflows amounting to around Rs 23,274 crore. This was followed by significant sell-offs in the oil &amp;amp; gas and automotive sectors, totaling Rs 12,371 crore and Rs 8,131 crore, respectively. Other notable sectors impacted by selling included FMCG (Rs 6,818 crore), consumer services (Rs 4,633 crore), information technology (Rs 2,727 crore), power (Rs 2,678 crore), and healthcare (Rs 2,376 crore). The telecom and construction sectors also saw outflows of around Rs 1,600 crore and Rs 1,426 crore, respectively. During the September month, FIIs have bought around Rs 27,200 crore in financial stocks which was biggest during the month followed by healthcare, realty, FMCG and capital goods which saw buying between Rs 4,000-6,600 crore. Meanwhile, FIIs have shown interest in sectors such as chemicals, metals &amp;amp; mining, and utilities, with purchases worth Rs 552 crore, Rs 222 crore, and Rs 127 crore, respectively.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karur Vysya Bank; target of Rs 265: Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta report on Karur Vysya Bank Karur Vysya Bank reported its Q2FY25 results broadly in line with our estimates with a slight upward beat on advances/deposits/profitability. The CASA growth remained a miss for the bank due to low momentum in CASA accounts and depletion of balances in the existing accounts. While the bank is replacing its lower yielding corporate loans with the higher yielding segments, its margins have sustained above the earlier guidance of remaining above 4% which is expected to sustain in the coming quarters as well. Owing to increasing costs of deposits and flattish rise in yields in incremental loans, net interest income increased by 3.5% QoQ/15.8% YoY (1.2% above our estimate) leading to a PAT growth of 3.3% QoQ/25.1% YoY (3% above our estimates). Outlook We continue to remain positive on the growth prospect of the bank and expect KVB’s NII/PAT to grow at 15.3%/24.3% CAGR over FY24-27E with ROA to remain at 1.8% in FY26E. We maintain Buy rating on KVB with a target price of Rs 265, valuing the bank at 1.7x of its Sept’26 Adj. BV. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Karur Vysya Bank; target of Rs290: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Karur Vysya Bank Stable NIM and strong traction in non-interest income led to KVB’s sturdy Q2 operating performance, which, combined with moderate provisions kept profitability strong, with 1.72% RoA (up 2bps q/q). Overall asset quality improved. Key positives were: 1) strong credit growth in core retail and SME segments, 2) moderate slippages, 3) NIM persisting above 4.1% and 4) a strong balance sheet. With credit growth likely in high-teens and modest credit costs, earnings are expected to be strong. Outlook We retain our Buy rating, with a higher 12-mth TP of Rs.290, 1.5x P/ABV on the FY27e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1300: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Axis Bank Steady balance sheet growth and high non-interest income growth led to healthy 18% y/y PAT growth for Axis Bank. Its focus on granularisation and an agile management would drive ~15% operating profit growth over FY24-26. On the sharp drop in the stock since Aug’24, we upgrade our recommendation to a BUY. At our TP, the stock would trade at1.8x P/BV on the FY26e book (unchanged), with subsidiaries valued at Rs57 a share. Outlook Our Rs.1,300 TP stems from the two-stage DDM model. This implies a ~1.8x P/BV multiple on its FY26e book. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Accumulate HDFC Asset Management Co; target of Rs 5388: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HDFC Asset Management Co In Q2FY25, revenue stood at INR 8,872 Mn, an increase of 38.0% YoY/ 14.4% QoQ, led by strong AUM growth and sequential improvement in blended yields. Revenues were 2.3% better than our estimates. Net profit for Q2FY25 grew by 31.8% YoY (-4.5% QoQ) to INR 5,767 Mn, driven by healthy growth in the operating performance. HDFCAMC continues to work closely with HDFC Bank to boost market share and increase SIP contributions through the bank’s distribution channel. The company's expansion into B-30 markets, along with consistent performance in equity-oriented funds, is strengthening its path of growth. We revised our EPS estimates upward for FY25E and FY26E by 8.7% and 15.6%, respectively, primarily driven by higher AUM growth led by the equity market optimism. Outlook We are applying a P/E multiple of 38x on FY26E EPS of INR 141.8 to arrive at a target price of INR 5,388 per share (earlier INR 4,905), an upside of 11.6% over the CMP. We downgrade our rating to “ACCUMULATE” from “BUY” on the shares of HDFCAMC based on the share price appreciation. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Life Insurance Co; target of Rs 845: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HDFC Life Insurance Co In Q2FY25, the Gross Written Premium (GWP) amounted to INR 169,275 Mn (+13.3% YoY). The GWP fell short of our estimates due to lower-than-anticipated renewal premium growth. The Annualized Equivalent Premium (APE) was INR 38,540 Mn in Q2FY25. APE was 2.7% better than our estimates for the quarter. The Value of the New Business (VNB) grew by 16.9% YoY/ (+30.0% QoQ), driven by strong new business growth across different products. VNB was 3.4% lower than our estimates. HDFCLIFE is well-positioned for sustainable growth in the upcoming quarters due to management's strategic flexibility in dealing with regulatory impacts and disciplined pricing, as well as a strong solvency ratio. Outlook Therefore, we maintain our BUY rating on the stock with a target price of INR 845 per share (unchanged), and we have assigned a P/EV multiple of 2.7x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Waaree Energies IPO; KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey, Waaree Energies Ltd Waaree Energies Limited stands as a prominent leader in India’s renewable energy sector, particularly in solar PV module manufacturing. Headquartered in Mumbai, the company has established itself with a reputation for innovation, technological excellence and sustainability. Its state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and advanced production capabilities enable it to produce high-quality solar modules that meet both domestic and international standards. Waaree’s commitment to green energy extends beyond manufacturing, as it actively contributes to India’s renewable energy goals, supporting the transition to clean energy. With its diverse product portfolio and a strategic focus on expanding solar infrastructure, the company plays a pivotal role in addressing the increasing demand for sustainable energy solutions while promoting environmental stewardship and reducing carbon footprints globally. Valuation and Outlook At a P/E ratio of 33.9x, Waaree offers an attractive investment opportunity in India’s booming renewable energy market. Based on these factors, we recommend a “Subscribe” rating for the upcoming IPO. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Polycab India share price slumps 5% despite in-line Q2 earnings; brokerages remain bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Polycab India fell over 5 percent on October 18 even after the electrical goods company reported in-line earnings for the quarter ended September 2024. The firm reported a 3.6 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit to Rs 445.2 crore. The wires and cables maker's total income rose to Rs 5,574.6 crore in the reporting period from Rs 4,253 crore a year ago period. Jefferies has issued a 'buy' call on Polycab India with a target price of Rs 8,315 per share. The company achieved its highest-ever Q2 sales, driven by a robust 28 percent growth in domestic Cables &amp;amp; Wires (C&amp;amp;W). Wires growth outpaced that of cables. However, operating profit margins were affected by increased competition and changes in the product mix, noted Jefferies. The Fast-Moving Electrical Goods (FMEG) segment posted healthy 18 percent sales growth, but losses in this segment persist, it added. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Polycab India is India's largest manufacturer of wires and cables and one of the fastest-growing FMEG companies with a consolidated turnover of Rs 122 billion in FY22. The company's business operations span across India through 23 manufacturing facilities, 15 plus offices and 25 plus warehouses. Nuvama has also retained a 'buy' rating on Polycab with a target price of Rs 8,340 as it believes that the company should continue to grow at higher than industry growth. Further, Polycab’s rising focus on global C&amp;amp;W market can potentially add a next leg of growth. Exports, though only 10 percent of C&amp;amp;W revenue, are growing much faster and are higher margin, the brokerage said. &quot;Polycab, similar to what it executed for its domestic business, has already started converting its exports business from an order-led template to a distribution-led one. Moreover, FMEG has already seen a distribution rejig and we think that, when demand turns, revenue upturn should lead to a much sharper margin spike than what the Street anticipates,&quot; said Nuvama. At 9:51 am, Polycab India shares were trading 3 percent lower at Rs 6,910.35 on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 24 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 30 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 25 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Infosys share price: Infosys stock slips 4% after slight miss in Q2 earnings [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of IT giant Infosys slipped as much as 4 percent in opening trade on October 18, a day after the company delivered a slight miss in its Q2 earnings. The company reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, reflecting a 2.2 percent sequential increase, though it fell short of Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations grew 4.2 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 40,986 crore, slightly missing the forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. Brokerage firm Morgan Stanley had forecasted the possibility of a bit of stock correction for Infosys in the near-term, largely due to its earnings miss. However, the brokerage also advised investors to build fresh positions during such a potential correction. On the technical level, Morgan Stanley sees a strong support coming in for the stock at its five-year average free-cash-flow multiple--which sits at Rs 1,780. Much like Morgan Stanley's expectations, Infosys shares reached a day's low of Rs 1,889 shortly after the market opened, but the fall was quickly absorbed as buyers stepped in.. Likewise, the stock came sharply off its lows and at 09.24 am, it was trading at Rs 1,936.85 on the NSE. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action American Depository Receipts (ADRs) of Infosys had also slipped 4 percent to its day's low on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) overnight, but pared much of its losses to eventually settle just 1 percent lower. Despite the marginal miss on earnings, the IT major raised its FY25 revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5 percent in constant currency terms, an increase from the previous quarter’s range of 3-4 percent. Infosys' revenue guidance lift was driven by improved and broad-based Q2 performance, increased volumes, and growth in its small-deal pipeline. The company's operating margin guidance for FY25 remained steady at 20-22 percent. Brokerages regarded the guidance upgrade as a hint towards a revival in discretionary spending. Names like Nomura and Nuvama Institutional Equities further believe that Infosys will turn out to be a key beneficiary of the revival in discretionary spending in the sector.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: United Spirits shares fall as Macquarie maintains 'underperform' [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of United Spirits Limited were off to a weak start on the bourses on October 18 after it fell over a percent to Rs 1,507 after Macquarie maintained its 'underperform' recommendation on the counter citing stiff competition may likely hamper growth prospects. With a price target of Rs 1,100, the international brokerage forecasts a downside potential of 28 percent from the last closing price of Rs 1,528. United Spirits shares have been on a decent run, rallying almost 40 percent since the start of the year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The international brokerage suggests that Pernod India, a key competitor, has indicated that it is outpacing the industry, reporting 2 percent sales growth in the September 2024 quarter. Pernod expects this sales momentum to fully reverse in the quarter ending December 2024, with strong growth anticipated for the fiscal year ending June 2025. India has become the largest market by volume and the second-largest by value for French spirits giant Pernod Ricard, known for brands like Absolut, Chivas Regal, and Glenlivet. Pernod Ricard's Indian portfolio also includes well-known IMFL brands such as Royal Stag, Blenders Pride, and Imperial Blue. India now accounts for 12 percent of Pernod Ricard’s global revenue, with the U.S. remaining the company's top market by value. As per reports, Pernod Ricard India (PRI) reported consolidated revenue of Rs 25,039.47 crore for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. Although not publicly traded, the company is second only to United Spirits, owned by Diageo, in the Indian market. In the first quarter of FY25, United Spirit's net profit grew around 2 percent year over year to Rs 485 crore, up from Rs 477 crore. Revenue also rose 3.5 percent to Rs 2,761 crore, up from Rs 2,667 crore in the corresponding quarter of the preceding fiscal year. Even though the topline and bottom line growth seems modest, it was still above what most brokerages anticipated. The company's growth was anticipated to be weak on year due to inflation's impact on price-sensitive consumers. At about 9:20 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 1,510, lower by 1.3 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Axis Bank; target of Rs 1400: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Axis Bank PAT at Rs. 6,918 crore (up 18% y-o-y/ 15% q-o-q) saw a large beat due to reversal of tax provisions (~Rs. 550 crore, one off) along with higher treasury gains partially offset by higher credit cost (~89 bps as % of avg. loans vs 84 bps q-o-q). The bank chose to set aside additional contingent provisions aggregating to Rs. 520 crore against the tax provisions reversal. On the asset quality front, although net slippages were lower q-o-q but write-offs were significantly higher (largely from unsecured retail segment with few CBG &amp;amp; wholesale accounts). Stress in unsecured retail segment does not seem contagious but credit behavior of the portfolio is still key monitorable. On the positive side, operating performance was stable across NIMs, fee income and opex thus core operating profit was in-line (10% y-o-y/ flat q-o-q) although loan growth moderated on expected lines given slower deposit growth. Outlook We maintain a Buy with a revised PT of Rs. 1,400 given valuations are already factoring in intermittent headwinds and risk reward is attractive. Stock currently trades at 1.8x/1.5x/ its FY2025E/FY2026E core BV estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Infosys; target of Rs 2270: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Infosys Revenue was strong at $4,894 million, up 3.1% q-o-q in constant currency (CC) terms, nearly in line with our estimate of $4,897 million. EBIT margins was flat q-o-q at 21.1%, missing our expectations of 21.3%. The company closed 21 large deals with TCV of $2.4 billion, down 41% q-o-q/68% y-o-y. FY25 revenue growth guidance raised to 3.75-4.5% from 3-4% in constant currency terms while maintaining OPM guidance for FY25 at 20-22%. Outlook We maintain Buy with revised PT of Rs. 2,270 (valuing at 30x Sep26E EPS). At CMP, the stock trades at 31/27.2x/24.3x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market Minutes|Market in the thick of earnings, will it offer fresh triggers? Infosys, Wipro, Axis Bank in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: nan. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 11,940: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on Bajaj Auto Bajaj Auto Limited (Bajaj) reported Q2 FY25 topline growth of 20.6% yoy and 10% qoq as volumes in the domestic markets were up by 22% yoy on demand uptick seen in both 3W and 2W industry. During the quarter, domestic motorcycles grew by 26% yoy. The growth was due to success of &amp;gt;125 cc bikes, Triumph expansion, EV 3W and Chetak success. Exports grew steadily by 7% as well on a yoy basis as LATAM grew well and Africa showed slow recovery. Motorcycle exports grew by 5% yoy, while 3W exports grew by 21% yoy. Triumph and Chetak also pulled up a good show in Q2 as Chetak gained market share. EBITDA was up by 24.3% yoy to ₹26.5 bn, while margins moved up to 20.2% bps yoy from 19.8%, and flattish qoq. Margins were up mainly on better cost management, operating leverage, improved product mix, favorable forex and stable commodity costs. All other cost items below operating levels remained more or less range bound, however, bottomline adjusted for an exceptional item of ₹2.11 bn to account for a cumulative one-time impact on deferred tax on investment income due to changes in tax structure was up by 21% yoy. Outlook We estimate revenue / EPS CAGR of 19% / 22% over FY24-26E. Maintain BUY with FY26E TP of ₹11,940 (30x PE). Slowdown in domestic 2W market and slower than expected recovery in exports remain key risks to our argument. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 18, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks Farmers in Maharashtra have sown rabi crops over 64,782 hectares as of Monday, down 64% from 180,661 hectares sown in the corresponding period last year, according to the season's first rabi acreage report published by the state's agriculture department. The normal rabi acreage for the period, which is an average of the five years, from 2016 to 2021, is 5.4 million hectares. The acreage under wheat as of Monday was 115 hectares, up from 17 hectares sown last year. The area under maize was 6,683 hectares, down from 11,860 hectares a year ago. Similarly, the acreage under jowar fell to 57,063 hectares from 161,965 hectares a year ago, according to the report. The area sown under all pulses was 849 hectares, down from 6,653 hectares in the same period last year, the report showed. Under pulses, the acreage under chana fell to 657 hectares from 6,639 hectares a year ago. Oilseed acreage across the state so far was 69 hectares, down from 163 hectares a year ago. Under oilseeds, the area sown under safflower was 23 hectares, down from 157 hectares sown in the corresponding period last year. Sunflower acreage rose to 30 hectares from 4 hectares a year ago, the report said. The water level in dams across Maharashtra is 88.2% of the live storage capacity as of Thursday, compared with 72.6% a year ago, according to data from the state water resources department. • The country got an average rainfall of 23.9 mm in the week ended Wednesday, 43% above the normal rainfall of 16.7 mm for the period, the India Meteorological Department said. Two out of four homogenous regions in the country received above normal showers during the week, the weather bureau said. Central India received 63% above normal showers during the week at 21.2 mm. Subdivisions such as west Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat region, Saurashtra and Kutch, Konkan and Goa, and central Maharashtra have recorded large excess rainfall due to heavy rains in the region as the Southwest Monsoon withdrew from this part of the country. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Retail investors betting big on PSUs even as shares dip from record highs [/INST] The full article is as follows: Retail investors continued to flock to state-run companies in the September quarter, defying a downturn in stock prices. As many as 56 of the 68 listed PSUs that reported their quarterly shareholding pattern showed a rise in retail investor base. However, out of this only 16 of these entities delivered positive returns during the quarter, while the rest saw their shares decline. PSUs like Canara Bank, IREDA, Bank of Baroda and HUDCO among others saw the biggest jump in the number of retail shareholders in the September quarter even as they have dropped in the range of 20-30 percent from their respective 52-weeks highs. Among the stocks with the highest surge in retail investors, Canara Bank led with 4.26 lakh new retail investors, followed by IREDA, Bank of Baroda, and HUDCO, which added 3.7 lakh, 2.86 lakh, and 2.83 lakh investors, respectively. Notably, all these stocks have declined from their 52-week highs. Canara Bank dropped over 19 percent from its peak in June 2024, IREDA fell by 29 percent, and Bank of Baroda declined by 18 percent. Other PSU stocks like MTNL, SJVN, Bharat Electronics, Coal India, Rail Vikas Nigam, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, Ircon International, and State Bank of India also saw a rise in new retail investors, with increases of 2.73 lakh, 2.55 lakh, 2.51 lakh, 2.32 lakh, 2.21 lakh, 1.92 lakh, 1.85 lakh, and 1.55 lakh, respectively. However, MTNL and SJVN lost over 37 percent and 49 percent, respectively while Bharat Electronics and Coal India declined by 16 percent and 8 percent, respectively. Rail Vikas Nigam and Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders fell by over 26 percent, and Ircon International and SBI dropped 36 percent and 12 percent, respectively. Interestingly, analysts believe that retail investors are falling into a trap as over the past year, a common strategy has been to buy on dips, with the assumption that any 2-3 percent decline in PSU stocks presents a buying opportunity. This approach has gained traction among retail investors who entered the market in the last three to four years, as they've seen PSU stocks bounce back repeatedly, add analysts highlighting that many retail investors keep averaging down on every drop, treating each decline like a discounted sale. However, since the beginning of July, PSU stocks have entered a correction phase. Analysts attribute this to the fact that PSU stocks have become overvalued after a significant rally over the past two to three years. Sectors like defence and railways have seen substantial gains, with defence stocks, for instance, surging by as much as 15 times, while their earnings have only grown about four times on average. This mismatch suggests that stock prices are outpacing profitability, creating inflated price-to-earnings (PE) ratios that are not justified by underlying fundamentals. Ambareesh Baliga, independent market analyst cautions retail investors to be more discerning about the stocks they purchase and the valuations they accept. Blindly buying or averaging down just because a stock has fallen does not necessarily make it a bargain, he says while adding that strategies that worked well during a bull market might not hold up in a corrective market environment. Analysts believe that PSU stocks might face further corrections in the short term as valuations normalise. Like a pendulum, the market tends to swing between undervaluation and overvaluation, and a correction could push these stocks closer to fair value, or even below it, they say. Meanwhile, retail investor participation has surged in other PSU stocks as well like Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers, Shipping Corp of India, BHEL, IFCI, Bharat Dynamics, RITES, Railtel Corp of India, and LIC Housing Finance. In some cases, however, investors have become cautious. For instance, as LIC's stock dropped 23 percent in the September quarter, the number of retail shareholders fell by 1.6 lakh. Similar trends were seen in NALCO and BPCL, as stock prices declined by around 7 percent each and the number of retail investors dipped by 42,000 and 21,000, respectively. Other stocks like HPCL, IOB, Central Bank of India, and Bank of India, which saw declines of 20-35 percent, also experienced a drop in retail shareholding.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages cheer as Infosys raises guidance for yet another quarter [/INST] The full article is as follows: IT giant Infosys delivered positive Q2 earnings, but the highlight was the company's guidance lift, for the second quarter in a row. Buoyed by this, brokerages also remain optimistic about the upward revision, which hints at early signs of a recovery in discretionary spending. Infosys raised its FY25 revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5 percent in constant currency terms, an increase from the previous quarter’s range of 3-4 percent. Infosys' revenue guidance lift was driven by improved and broad-based Q2 performance, increased volumes, and growth in its small-deal pipeline. The company's operating margin guidance for FY25 remained steady at 20-22 percent. Nuvama Institutional Equities forecasts Infosys to benefit disproportionately in FY26-27 from a rebound in discretionary spending, much like it was disproportionately impacted in FY24-25 compared to peers. On that account, Nuvama sees Infosys as one of the best plays for capturing the IT sector's revival in the coming years. Nomura also shares the view and believes Infosys to be one of the best ways to play a potential improvement in discretionary demand in IT services, reiterating the stock as its top pick within the sector. Nomura has a 'buy' call on the stock with a price target of Rs 2,130. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Despite the guidance upgrade, Infosys posted a slight miss in its Q2 earnings. The company's consolidated net profit stood at Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, a 2.2 percent sequential increase but below Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations rose 4.2 percent on quarter to Rs 40,986 crore, narrowly missing the forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. On the back this slight miss in Q2, Morgan Stanley sees the possibility of a bit of stock correction in the near-term. However, the brokerage also feels that investors should build fresh positions in such a potential correction. Retaining a bullish stance on Infosys, Morgan Stanley has an 'overweight' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,150. On the technical level, Morgan Stanley sees a strong support coming in for the stock at its five-year average free-cash-flow multiple--which sits at Rs 1,780. Meanwhile, the IT major's deal wins stood at $2.4 billion in Q2 lowest in the last five quarters, which Emkay Institutional Equities attributes primarily to the lumpy nature of the deals. However, the brokerage highlighted that deal pipeline for Infosys still remains strong with small-deal pipeline seeing double-digit sequential growth. Emkay also holds a 'buy' call on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2,150. Nomura also believes expanding pipeline of small deals augurs well for Infosys' discretionary demand. Also Read | Infosys ADR falls nearly 4% on NYSE following Q2 results. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Morgan Stanley 'Underweight' on Tata Chemicals stock after Q2 profit plunges 55% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Tata Chemicals fell over a percent on October 18 after Morgan Stanley maintained an 'Underweight' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 880 per share following the company's disappointing earnings report for the quarter ended September 2024. Tata Chemicals reported a near 55 percent on-year fall in its second-quarter profit, hurt by lower soda ash prices and higher freight costs. The chemical maker's consolidated net profit fell to Rs 194 crore, down from Rs 428 crore a year ago. Its revenue from operations rose 0.03 percent YoY to Rs 3,999 crore while total expenses rose nearly 7 percent YoY to Rs 3,803 crore, with freight and forwarding charges rising nearly 32 percent. Tata Chemicals' earnings were broadly in line with estimates, although its India margins were impacted by adverse weather conditions. In contrast, performance in the US segment met expectations, while Kenya delivered a positive surprise. Despite this, Basic Chemistry EBITDA per tonne declined by 10 percent quarter-on-quarter (QoQ). Morgan Stanley highlighted that the ramp-up of Chinese capacity and the limited evidence of supply rationalization pose challenges for a near-term margin recovery. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action An economic downturn in China and sluggish demand in the EU have significantly impacted soda ash prices, Tata Chemicals' primary business segment. According to analysts at Nirmal Bang, global soda ash prices dropped by nearly 23 percent during the July-September quarter. Tata Chemicals had already reduced soda ash prices last November. Analysts have also warned that chemical companies may face rising costs due to increased container and freight charges amid the Middle East crisis. Tata Chemicals shares ended 2.3 percent lower at Rs 1,074.90 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has fallen around 4 percent so far this year, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 3 percent. In comparison, Nifty rose 25 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Zydus Life gets USFDA approval for Fludrocortisone Acetate tablets; shares trade flat [/INST] The full article is as follows: Zydus Lifesciences shares were trading flat on October 18 after the company received final approval to manufacture Fludrocortisone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.1 mg from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). At 10:01am, Zydus Lifesciences was quoting at Rs 1,020.75, down Rs 0.15, or 0.01 percent, on the BSE. Fludrocortisone acetate tablets are indicated as partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome. The tablets will be produced at the Group’s manufacturing site at Moraiya, Ahmedabad. The group now has 400 approvals and has so far filed over 465 ANDAs since the commencement of the filing process in FY 2003-04. Catch all the market action on our live blog Earlier in this month, the company formalized the Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to initiate Phase 2 clinical trials of Desidustat in patients with Sickle Cell Disease. On October 10, the company received tentative approval from the (USFDA to manufacture Enzalutamide Tablets, 40 mg and 80 mg. On October 2, the company received final approval from the USFDA to manufacture Paliperidone Extended-Release Tablets, 1.5 mg, 3 mg, 6 mg, and 9 mg.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: DCW shares gains on investment of Rs 140 crore for production expansion [/INST] The full article is as follows: DCW share price was trading higher on October 18 as the company is going to make investment for the capacity expansion of CPVC production. At 10am, DCW was quoting at Rs 103.62, up Rs 0.57, or 0.55 percent, on the BSE. The company is going to make an investment of Rs 140 crore through bank financing/internal accruals to expand its CPVC (Chlorinated Polyvinyl Chloride) production capacity from 20,000 metric tonnes (MT) to 50,000 MT. This said expansion will be through a combination of new installations, de-bottlenecking existing facilities, and process optimization. The capacity increase will be rolled out in phases, with 20,000 MT expected to be operational in the second half of Q2 FY26 and an additional 10,000 MT by the end of FY26. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company board approved the resignation of Pramod Kumar Jain as the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) and appointed Bakul Jain as chairman of the company w.e.f. November 1, 2024. Also approved the appointment of Pramod Kumar Jain as the chairman Emeritus w.e.f. November 1, 2024.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Zomato board to consider raising funds via QIP along with Q2 results, stock falls 2% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Zomato fell over 2 percent ahead of the food delivery aggregator's board considering fundraising through qualified institutions placement (QIP) on October 22. However, the company did not disclose the quantum of funding it is looking to raise. The foodtech giant’s board would also consider and approve its financials for the quarter ended September 2024 on the same day &quot;Zomato board will consider and approve raising of funds by issuance of equity shares by way of qualified institutions placement, as may be permitted under applicable laws, subject to such regulatory/statutory approvals, including the notice for the postal ballot for obtaining the shareholders’ approval in this regard, as may be required,&quot; said Zomato in a stock exchange filing. If approved, this will be the first fundraise by the Gurugram-headquartered food delivery giant since its stock market debut in 2021. The QIP will come at a time when its rival Swiggy is headed for an initial public offering (IPO). The Bengaluru-based firm is planning to raise as much as $450 million in fresh capital through the IPO. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action In the April-June quarter, Zomato reported a consolidated profit of Rs 253 crore, up from Rs 2 crore in the year-ago period. The firm’s revenue from operations rose 74 percent YoY) to Rs 4,206 crore, up from Rs 2,416 crore a year ago. As of Q1 FY25, the company is sitting on cash reserves of Rs 12,539 crore (roughly $1.5 billion). Zomato's food delivery business is already profitable, and senior management at the firm has indicated that its quick commerce arm Blinkit is also close to reaching break-even. In the previous session, Zomato shares ended 1.4 percent lower at Rs 270.30 on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has rallied 117 percent so far this year, significantly outperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 138 percent, more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 25 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a negative start on October 18, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 24,739, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. Market extended the losses on the third consecutive session on October 17, with benchmark Nifty 50 closing a little below 24,750 amid selling across sectors barring Information Technology. At close, the Sensex was down 494.75 points or 0.61 percent at 81,006.61, and the Nifty was down 221.50 points or 0.89 percent at 24,749.80. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Down) The GIFT Nifty is trading in the red, indicating a weak start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 24,739 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed Friday, as investors awaited key economic data from China and assessed Japan's inflation numbers. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.32 -2.09 8.30 Nikkei 0.26 -1.15 10.80 Hang Seng 0.91 -3.82 20.69 Taiwan 2.25 4.80 26.42 Kospi -0.23 -3.47 -6.76 US Equities (Flat) The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced on Thursday to its fourth record close in the last five sessions, as stronger-than-expected monthly retail sales indicated a robust U.S. consumer and TSMC's upbeat forecast buoyed chipmakers' stocks. The S&amp;amp;P 500 lost 1 point, or 0.02%, at 5,841.47 points, while the Nasdaq Composite climbed 6.53 points, or 0.04%, to 18,373.61. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 161.35 points, or 0.37%, to 43,239.05. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.37 15.91 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.01 23.73 Nasdaq 0.04 21.60 US Bond Yield (Down) The US 10-year Treasury yield was down 10 bps at 4.08 percent, while the US 2-year bond yield was down 27 bps at 3.96 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.08 3.70 4.91 US 2-Year Treasury 3.96 3.61 5.22 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar headed for a third weekly gain in a row on Friday, helped by a dovish European Central Bank and strong U.S. data that are pushing out expectations for how fast U.S. rates can fall, particularly if Donald Trump wins the presidency. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.75 100.59 106.56 Asian currencies (Higher) Asian currencies were trading mostly higher in the early trade on Friday with the China Renminbi and Malaysian Ringgit down marginally. On a month-to-date basis, except the Thai Baht, all other currencies gave negative returns with the Japanese Yen down 5 percent followed by the South Korean Won and Philippines Peso falling 3 percent each. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.0.19 -1.10 -0.696 South Korean Won 0.134 -3.28 -5.79 Japanese Yen 0.213 -5.07 -5.90 Philippines Peso 0.080 -3.54 -4.13 Thai Baht 0.254 0.688 3.38 Taiwan Dollar 0.112 -0.414 -4.79 China Renminbi -0.048 -0.362 -0.323 Malaysian Ringgit -0.030 -1.55 6.58 Singapore Dollar 0.001 -1.38 0.525 Crude (Rises) Crude oil futures inched higher on Friday, supported by a surprise drop in U.S. oil inventories and simmering Middle East tensions, but prices were headed for their biggest weekly loss in more than a month on worries of lower demand. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.47 4.15 -0.91 Brent Crude 0.38 4.12 -3.01 Gold (Gains) Gold prices hit record highs as uncertainty surrounding the U.S. presidential elections and the war in the Middle East prompted investors to seek out the safe-haven asset, while easing monetary policy environment kept prices elevated. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.24 2.43 30.84 Silver 0.63 2.29 34.05 LME Commodities (Down) Commodities prices were trading weak in the early trade on Friday with Nickel falling 1.5 percent, while Aluminium shed over 1 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -1.18 -2.22 7.11 Copper -0.44 -3.18 11.18 Nickel -1.59 -2.91 2.42 Lead -0.43 -1.26 0.05 Zinc -0.02 -1.25 -14.82 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) offloaded equities worth Rs 7,421 crore on October 17, while domestic institutional investors purchased equities worth Rs 4,979 crore on the same day. 17th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -7,421.40 -59,308.88 -2,01,845.07 DII Net Flows 4,979.83 1,00,841.60 4,06,425.31 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Infosys, L&T, TCS, SBI, GMM Pfaudler, Hindalco, NCC and others on Friday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices extended their downtrend for the third straight session, with the Nifty 50 down by 0.9 percent on October 17. About 1,907 shares declined, while 584 shares gained on the NSE. The index may see further selling pressure in the upcoming session, given the negative sentiment. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Amol Athawale, VP-technical Research at Kotak Securities Tata Consultancy Services | CMP: Rs 4,109 After the short-term correction in TCS from the higher levels, the downward momentum has stopped around its support area. On daily charts, the counter has formed a Morning Star candlestick reversal formation at its important demand zone. Therefore, the structure suggests a revival of the uptrend from the current levels in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,400 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,950 State Bank of India | CMP: Rs 811 On the daily scale, post-correction from the higher levels, SBI is trading in a rangebound mode. However, it has given a range breakout along with good volumes. In addition, on the daily charts, the counter has formed a higher bottom series. Therefore, the closing above the resistance line indicates that further bullish momentum may continue in the coming horizon. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 860 Stop-Loss: Rs 780 NCC | CMP: Rs 310.6 After the decline from the higher levels, NCC rebounded from its support zone and has witnessed a steady recovery from the lower levels. Additionally, on the daily charts, the counter has given a breakout from its sloping channel formation. The up moves in the counter suggest a new leg of bullish trend from the current levels. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 330 Stop-Loss: Rs 295 Mandar Bhojane, Equity Research Analyst at Choice Broking V-Mart Retail | CMP: Rs 4,440 V-Mart Retail has recently consolidated within a range, indicating a possible breakout on the daily chart, supported by a significant increase in trading volume. This suggests potential bullish momentum. If the price sustains above the Rs 4,475 level, it could target short-term levels of Rs 4,900 and Rs 5,000. On the downside, immediate support is at Rs 4,200, offering a potential buying opportunity on dips. The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is currently at 65 and trending upward, indicating increasing buying momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 4,900, Rs 5,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,070 Infosys | CMP: Rs 1,968 Infosys has recently formed a rounding bottom pattern on the daily chart, accompanied by a significant increase in trading volume. This indicates a possible breakout and a strong bullish trend. If the price closes above the Rs 1,980 level, it could potentially reach short-term targets of Rs 2,090 and Rs 2,150. On the downside, immediate support is at Rs 1,920, which could offer a buying opportunity on dips. The RSI currently stands at 59.35 and is trending upward, signaling increasing buying momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,090, Rs 2,150 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,880 Chandan Taparia, Head - Equity Derivatives &amp;amp; Technicals, Wealth Management at Motilal Oswal Financial Services Mphasis | CMP: Rs 3,080 Mphasis has bounced from its major support levels with higher-than-average buying volumes, suggesting a bullish move can be seen. It has formed a strong bullish candle on the daily scale, and the RSI, which measures the momentum of a stock, has turned up from the centerline, indicating the stock has room to move up. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,300 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,970 Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro | CMP: Rs 3,570 L&amp;amp;T has taken support near the 200 DEMA (daily Exponential Moving Average) and has also given a range breakout on the daily scale with noticeable volumes, which may support the ongoing bullish momentum. The MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) indicator is on the verge of giving a bullish crossover, which could support the upward momentum. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,720 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,480 HDFC Asset Management Company | CMP: Rs 4,728.7 HDFC AMC is trading near its all-time high price and is in a strong uptrend. The price has broken out of a long consolidation zone on the upside with higher-than-average buying volumes, supporting the up move. The ROC (Rate of Change) momentum indicator has turned up, reinforcing the up move. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,200 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,500 Virat Jagad, Technical Research Analyst at Bonanza GMM Pfaudler | CMP: Rs 1,468 GMM Pfaudler has broken out of an ascending triangle pattern on the daily chart, indicating a potential uptrend. The sharp increase in trading volume suggests strong buying interest, supporting a bullish outlook. The stock is trading above key EMAs, adding to the positive momentum, with the RSI also moving higher, confirming the bullish trend. The stock might face resistance around Rs 1,500, and if it breaks above this level, it could rise further towards Rs 1,575. On the downside, immediate support is at Rs 1,420. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,575 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,420 Kalyani Investment Company | CMP: Rs 7,110.7 Kalyani Investment Company has broken out from a rectangle pattern on the daily chart, a strong bullish signal suggesting the potential for continued price gains. The rise in trading volume during the last session shows growing buying interest, reinforcing the positive outlook. The stock is trading above key EMAs, aligning with the bullish trend. The DMI+ (Directional Movement Index) has crossed above the DMI-, indicating a favourable trend shift, while the ADX (Average Directional Index) is moving up, signaling a strengthening trend. Overall, these indicators point to a bullish scenario with potential for further gains in the near term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 7,850 Stop-Loss: Rs 6,760 Rohan Shah, Technical Analyst at Asit C Mehta Investment Interrmediates Bata India | CMP: Rs 1,435 After two years of underperformance, Bata has dropped to a key support zone, coinciding with the 100-month EMA and demand zone. Around this level, multiple long wicks have formed, indicating buying demand at lower levels. On the lower time frame, the momentum indicator has formed a bullish divergence, complementing the bullish bias in the price. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,550 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,375 Hindalco Industries | CMP: Rs 734.8 Hindalco has been in an uptrend for several months, with a gradual increase in volumes. Recently, the stock broke out from an elevated basing pattern and has since rebounded, finding support at the neckline of the pattern, indicating inherent strength. The stock is trading above all its key moving averages, signaling continued strength and momentum in price. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 795 Stop-Loss: Rs 700 Firstsource Solutions | CMP: Rs 338 Firstsource Solutions witnessed a vertical rally from June 2024 to August 2024, followed by a period of sideways trading within a defined range. However, despite profit booking in the broader markets, the stock is attempting to break out of this consolidation, reflecting inherent strength and higher relative strength in price. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 370 Stop-Loss: Rs 315. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Infosys, Wipro, Axis Bank, LTIMindtree, Zomato, MGL, IGL, Polycab, Tata Chemicals in focus on Friday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Tata Consumer Products, Jio Financial Services, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, Zee Entertainment Enterprises, Aether Industries, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manba Finance, Mastek, Jindal Saw, Oberoi Realty, Hindustan Zinc, Tejas Networks, Kesoram Industries, Ashapuri Gold Ornament, Benares Hotels, Best Agrolife, Duncan Engineering, Elecon Engineering, Ganesh Housing Corporation, GNA Axles, Indostar Capital Finance, Mangalore Refinery &amp;amp; Petrochemicals, Mudra Financial Services, Ponni Sugars (Erode), Sarveshwar Foods, Supreme Infrastructure India, and Tree House Education will release quarterly earnings scorecard on October 18. Results on October 19 HDFC Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Tech Mahindra, RBL Bank, Dalmia Bharat, UCO Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Netweb Technologies India, PC Jeweller, Punjab &amp;amp; Sind Bank, Rossari Biotech, Seshasayee Paper &amp;amp; Boards, SM Auto Stamping, Trident Lifeline, Eiko Lifesciences, High Energy Batteries, and Lloyds Engineering Works will announce quarterly numbers on October 19. Quarterly Earnings Infosys Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit increases 2.2% to Rs 6,506 crore Vs Rs 6,368 crore Revenue grows 4.2% to Rs 40,986 crore Vs Rs 39,315 crore EBIT rises 4.4% to Rs 8,649 crore Vs Rs 8,288 crore Margin remains steady at 21.1% Vs 21.1% Dollar revenue jumps 3.8% to $4,894 million Vs $4,714 million Revenue growth in constant currency at 3.1% Company raises FY25 constant currency revenue growth guidance to 3.75%-4.50% from 3-4% earlier Company retains operating margin guidance at 20-22% for FY25 Company declares an interim dividend of Rs 21 per equity share Wipro Q2 (QoQ) IT services revenue grows 1.4% to Rs 22,195.7 crore Vs Rs 21,896.3 crore EBIT increases 3.5% to Rs 3,732.2 crore Vs Rs 3,605.7 crore Margin expands to 16.8% Vs 16.5% Dollar IT services revenue rises 1.3% to $2,660.1 million Vs $2,625.9 million IT services revenue growth in constant currency at 0.6% Large deal bookings at $1.5 billion, up 28.8% Board approves bonus share issue in the ratio of 1:1 Company sees IT services revenue in the range of $2,607 to $2,660 million for Q3, growing (-2%) to 0% Axis Bank Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit jumps 18% to Rs 6,918 crore Vs Rs 5,864 crore Net interest income rises 9% to Rs 13,483 crore Vs Rs 12,315 crore Provisions and contingencies spike to Rs 2,204 crore Vs Rs 814.6 crore Provisions and contingencies increase to Rs 2,204 crore Vs Rs 2,039.3 crore (QoQ) Gross NPA drops to 1.44% Vs 1.54% (QoQ) Net NPA remains unchanged at 0.34% Vs 0.34% (QoQ) LTIMindtree Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit grows 10.3% to Rs 1,251.6 crore Vs Rs 1,135.1 crore Revenue increases 3.2% to Rs 9,432.9 crore Vs Rs 9,142.6 crore Dollar revenue soars 2.8% to $1,126.6 million Vs $1,096.2 million EBIT jumps 6.4% to Rs 1,458.2 crore Vs Rs 1,370.9 crore Margin expands 50 bps to 15.5% Vs 15% Company announces interim dividend of Rs 20 per share Polycab India Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit rises 3.6% to Rs 445.2 crore Vs Rs 429.8 crore Revenue jumps 30.4% to Rs 5,498.4 crore Vs Rs 4,217.7 crore EBITDA increases 3.7% to Rs 631.6 crore Vs Rs 608.9 crore Margin falls 290 bps to 11.5% Vs 14.4% Tata Chemicals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit drops 46% to Rs 267 crore Vs Rs 495 crore Revenue rises 0.03% to Rs 3,999 crore Vs Rs 3,998 crore EBITDA falls 24.5% to Rs 618 crore Vs Rs 819 crore Margin plunges 500 bps to 15.5% Vs 20.5% Exceptional gain at Nil Vs Rs 102 crore CEAT Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit sinks 41.5% to Rs 121.5 crore Vs Rs 207.7 crore Revenue rises 8.2% to Rs 3,304.5 crore Vs Rs 3,053.3 crore EBITDA falls 20.6% to Rs 362.3 crore Vs Rs 456.1 crore Margin tanks 390 bps to 11% Vs 14.9% 5Paisa Capital Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit increases 15% to Rs 21.9 crore Vs Rs 19 crore Revenue rises 4% to Rs 100.8 crore Vs Rs 96.9 crore Quick Heal Technologies Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit sinks 67.8% to Rs 4.15 crore Vs Rs 12.9 crore Revenue declines 6.2% to Rs 73.49 crore Vs Rs 78.36 crore Stocks To Watch Kotak Mahindra Bank The private sector lender has reduced its savings account interest rates by 50 basis points for account balances under Rs 5 lakh, bringing the new rate to 3%, down from the previous 3.5%, reports CNBC-TV18. Earlier, the bank offered two slabs for savings account interest rates: 3.5% for account balances below Rs 50 lakh and 4% for balances above Rs 50 lakh. The savings account rate slabs for balances above Rs 5 lakh remain unchanged. Zomato The Board will meet on October 22 to consider raising funds via a qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue and to review the unaudited financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 2024. Reliance Industries Reliance Brands Holding UK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reliance Brands, has deepened its partnership with Mothercare Plc by forming a new joint venture that will own the Mothercare brand and its intellectual property assets across India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, and Bangladesh. Reliance Brands first acquired the rights to the UK-based Mothercare brand for the Indian market in 2018. Reliance Brands Holding will hold a 51% stake in the new joint venture, while Mothercare will own a 49% interest. Nitco The company has entered into a one-time settlement (OTS) with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) for its debt facilities. LIC has approved the OTS proposal, and accordingly, the company paid the one-time settlement amount on October 16 towards its entire dues outstanding with LIC. Adani Enterprises The company has completed the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) amounting to Rs 4,200 crore ($500 million). The proceeds from the QIP will be utilized for funding capital expenditure, debt repayment, and general corporate purposes. Aether Industries The company has executed and commissioned another 5 MW solar power project (auto-tracker modules) facility out of the total 15 MW solar power project. With this, a cumulative 10 MW is now operational. The remaining execution is scheduled to be completed in the coming month. Zydus Lifesciences The pharma company has received final approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to manufacture Fludrocortisone Acetate tablets USP, 0.1 mg. Fludrocortisone acetate tablets are used as partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome. Coromandel International The company has incorporated its wholly-owned subsidiary, Coromandel Vietnam Company, in Vietnam. The subsidiary will help the company carry out export, import, wholesale, and retail distribution of agricultural inputs such as crop nutrition, crop protection chemicals, and bio-products. Indraprastha Gas (IGL) According to communication from GAIL India (the nodal agency for domestic gas allocation), there has been a major reduction in domestic gas allocation to Indraprastha Gas effective October 16. The revised domestic gas allocation to the company is approximately 21% less than the previous allocation, which will adversely impact its profitability. The company is in discussion with key stakeholders to minimize the impact. Mahanagar Gas (MGL) The CNG transport allocation to the company has been reduced by 20%, effective October 16, compared to the previous average quarterly APM allocation. This major reduction in allocation will have an adverse impact on the company's profitability. To bridge this shortfall, the company is exploring options for sourcing gas through domestically produced high pressure high temperature (HPHT) gas, new well/well intervention gas (NWG) from ONGC, and benchmark-linked long-term gas contracts. Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Punjab and Sind Bank has classified the accounts of MTNL as non-performing assets (NPA), effective October 8. Network People Services Technologies (NPST) The Board has appointed Deepak Chand Thakur as Chief Executive Officer of the company, effective October 17. Before becoming CEO, Deepak Chand Thakur was the Chairman and Managing Director of the company. Furthermore, the Board has sought member approval for migrating the company from the NSE Emerge SME exchange to the main board of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) and simultaneously to the BSE. Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Split HEG, Humming Bird Education, Sacheta Metals Stocks Turn Ex-Dividend Tata Consultancy Services, Anand Rathi Wealth Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Rights Bella Casa Fashion &amp;amp; Retail, IGC Industries, Thinkink Picturez Stock Trades Ex-Date for Resolution Plan -Suspension Sumeet Industries F&amp;amp;O Ban Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Wipro ADR slides 4% post Q2 results on lower guidance for December quarter [/INST] The full article is as follows: Wipro's American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) fell over 4 percent on the NYSE following the release of its Q2FY25 results. At 10.15 AM Eastern Daylight Time, Wipro ADRs traded over 2.5 percent lower at $6.3. For the December quarter, Wipro expects IT Services revenue to range between $2,607 million and $2,660 million, implying a sequential guidance of (-)2.0 percent to 0.0 percent in constant currency terms. This marks a downward revision from the September quarter's forecast, which allowed for a revenue change of up to 1 percent in either direction. &quot;Our Q3 (FY25) revenue is expected to be affected by seasonal furloughs and fewer working days in this quarter,&quot; Srinivas Pallia, Chief Executive Officer of Wipro, said in the post-earnings conference call. Also Read | Wipro Q2 net profit rises 21% to Rs 3,209 cr, beats estimate; IT major announces 1:1 bonus share issue Wipro's consolidated net profit for Q2 FY25 rose by nearly 7 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 3,209 crore, surpassing Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 3,011 crore. Revenue from operations increased by 1.5 percent QoQ to Rs 22,302 crore, beating Moneycontrol's forecast of Rs 22,219 crore. Operating margins for the quarter improved by 30 basis points to 16.8 percent, exceeding the anticipated 16.4 percent. Total bookings for Wipro rose to $3.56 billion in the September quarter, up from $3.23 billion in the prior quarter. Large deal bookings also saw a notable rise to $1.49 billion from $1.15 billion. Wipro announced a 1:1 bonus share issue alongside the earnings release. Today, Wipro's shares closed 0.7 percent lower at Rs 528.7 on the National Stock Exchange.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Infosys ADR falls nearly 4% on NYSE following Q2 results [/INST] The full article is as follows: Infosys ADRs dropped nearly 4 percent on the NYSE on October 17 after the company's Q2FY25 results fell short of market expectations. At 9.40 am Eastern Daylight Time, Infosys ADRs were trading 3.5 percent lower at $22 apiece. Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 6,506 crore for Q2FY25, a 2.2 percent sequential increase, but below Moneycontrol's estimate of Rs 6,769 crore. Revenue from operations rose 4.2 percent QoQ to Rs 40,986 crore, missing Moneycontrol's forecast of Rs 40,857 crore. Infosys, however, raised its FY25 revenue guidance to 3.75-4.5 percent in constant currency terms, up from the 3-4 percent band given by the company in the previous quarter. The company's operating margin guidance for FY25 was at 20-22 percent. Also Read | Infosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 6,506 crore, misses estimates, guidance raised further; dividend declared Operating margins for the September quarter remained flat at 21.1 percent, aligning closely with Moneycontrol's estimate of 21.2 percent. CFO Jayesh Sanghrajka attributed the stable margin to value-based pricing and increased utilisation, despite higher employee payouts. &quot;We had strong growth of 3.1 percent quarter-on-quarter in constant current in Q2. The growth was broad based with good momentum in financial services,&quot; said Salil Parekh, CEO and MD of Infosys. &quot;This stems from our strength in industry expertise, market leading capabilities in cloud with Cobalt and generative AI with Topaz, resulting in growing client preference to partner with us.&quot; Infosys's total contract value (TCV) stood at $2.4 billion in Q2FY25, 41 percent of which came from net new business. The company also declared an interim dividend of Rs 21 per share, with October 29 as the record date and November 8 as the payout date.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Decoding Infosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 6,506 crore, misses estimates [/INST] The full article is as follows: nan. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: 10 stocks that moved the most on October 17 [/INST] The full article is as follows: The Sensex and Nifty closed in the red for the third consecutive session on October 17, weighed down by relentless selling from foreign investors, a lacklustre earnings season, and geopolitical tensions. Today's trading was particularly brutal for the banking and auto sectors, with the Nifty Auto index suffering a dramatic plunge of over 3 percent following Bajaj Auto reducing its festive season sales growth guidance to 3-5 percent—well below the anticipated 8 percent. Bajaj Auto | CMP Rs 10,093 | Shares of the two-wheeler and three-wheeler major tanked over 13 percent after the company posted lower-than-expected net profit in the second quarter. This comes after it revised its growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent, at the lower end of its earlier estimate of 5-8 percent. CRISIL | CMP Rs 4,743 | Shares slipped 1 percent despite the rating firm reported a 12.9 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 171.6 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's revenue from operations rose 10.3 percent YoY to Rs 811.8 crore. Kolte-Patil Developers | CMP Rs 406 | Shares surged 3.5 percent after the company's solid Q2 business update. The real estate developer locked in its higheest-ever quarterly revenue in Q2. The company achieved a quarterly sales value of Rs 770 crore in the July-September period, reflecting 22 percent on-year growth. Nalco | CMP: Rs 224 | Shares of domestic aluminium maker surged over 3 percent helped by global major Alcoa Corporation's robust quarterly profit, as well as strong alumina prices. Lower raw material cost was also one of the factors helping Alcoa's quarterly results. Futures prices of alumina - a key ingredient in making aluminium - have risen over 45% this year, as supply remains tight. Mphasis | CMP: Rs 3,090 | Shares advanced over 6 percent after the company reported an 8 percent jump in net profit at Rs 423.3 crore in the second quarter of FY25. Mphasis said its revenue recorded a 7.92 percent drop at Rs 3,536.14 crore in the reported quarter over Rs 3,276.5 crore in the same period last fiscal. Nestle India | CMP: Rs 2,378 | Nestle India's share price dropped almost 4 percent after the FMCG major reported a marginal fall in the September quarter profit. The company reported a decline of 0.94 percent in its net profit at Rs 899.49 crore for the quarter that ended September 2024, in which it faced high commodity prices and some of its key brands faced softer consumer demand. Hero MotoCorp | CMP Rs 5,215 | Shares slipped 3.5 percent, registering its biggest single-day drop in two years after Bajaj Auto reported weaker-than-expected second quarter earnings. Investors turned bearish on call two-wheeler stocks after Bajaj cut its guidance stating weak demand. Hind Rectifiers | CMP Rs 1,067 | Shares hit the 10 percent upper circuit to scale a fresh record high of Rs 1,067.90 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), driven by high volumes. So far in the day, around 3 lakh shares of the company changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, compared to the one-month average trading volume of 31,000 shares. Titagarh Rail | CMP Rs 1,168 | Shares gained over over 3 percent after Morgan Stanley Asia Singapore Pte bought a stake in the firm in a bulk deal in the previous trading session. The firm bought a 0.57 percent stake or 7.63 lakh shares in the company worth Rs 85.5 crore at an average price of Rs 1,120 per share Meanwhile, Smallcap World Fund Inc offloaded a 0.59 percent stake in Titagarh Rail at an average price of Rs 1,120.12 per share, valued at Rs 88.6 crore. L&amp;amp;T Technologies Services | CMP Rs 5,255 | Shares slipped 2 percent after the IT service firm's earnings show for the quarter ended September came in under expectations. L&amp;amp;T Technology Services reported a marginal 1.91 percent increase in its net profit at Rs 319.6 crore in September 2024 quarter. The company had reported a net profit of Rs 313.60 crore in the June quarter. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Sensex down 495 pts, Nifty closes below 24,750, dragged by auto, realty, bank stocks [/INST] The full article is as follows: Market extended the losses on the third consecutive session on October 17, with benchmark Nifty 50 closing a little below 24,750 amid selling across sectors barring Information Technology. At close, the Sensex was down 494.75 points or 0.61 percent at 81,006.61, and the Nifty was down 221.50 points or 0.89 percent at 24,749.80. Amid positive global cues, the Indian indices opened higher with Nifty above 25,000 but erased the gains in the initial hours to turned into red and extended the losses as the day progress, dragging Nifty below 24,750, intraday. Biggest Nifty losers were Bajaj Auto, Shriram Finance, Hero MotoCorp, Nestle and M&amp;amp;M, while gainers were Tech Mahindra, Infosys, L&amp;amp;T, Power Grid Corp and SBI. Among sectors, except Information Technology index (up 1 percent), all other sectoral indices ended in the red with auto, media and realty down 2-3 percent. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices shed more than 1 percent each. More than 240 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Strides Pharma, Tech Mahindra, Gujarat Fluoro, CAMS, IFB Industries, Indigo Paints, Firstsource Solutions, CarTrade Tech, ICRA, Dhani Services, Oberoi Realty, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 18 Shrikant Chouhan, Head of Equity Research, Kotak Securities: Today, the benchmark indices witnessed a sharp selloff, the Nifty ends 220 points lower while the Sensex was down by 500 points. Among sectors all the major sectoral indices registered profit booking at higher levels but realty and auto lost the most fell over 3.5 percent. Technically after a muted opening Nifty breached important level of 24900/81500 and post breakdown the selling pressure intensified. On daily chart the index has formed bearish candle and on intraday charts it is holding a lower top formation. We are of the view that the market texture is weak and as long as Nifty trades below 24900/81500 weak sentiment is likely to continue. On the downside the market could slip till 24550-24500/80900-80600. On the flip side, above 24825/81300 we could see a one quick pullback rally till 24850-24900/81400-81500. Rupak De, Senior Technical Analyst, LKP Securities The Nifty has found initial support in the 24,700–24,750 zone. On the daily chart, the Nifty has broken down from a bearish flag pattern, suggesting a possible downward move in the short term. The RSI is showing a bearish crossover and is declining. However, this may not be the ideal level to initiate short positions, as the index has experienced a steep correction and is near a double-bottom support, which could trigger a near-term recovery toward 25,000. Conversely, a decisive fall below 24,700 could lead to a significant correction in the market. Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares Finally, the Index broke its range of 24,920-25,200. After a muted opening, Auto stocks led correction dragged the Index lower and in the second half of the trading session, another round of selling pulled the Index further lower to end the session at 24,749.85 with a loss of 221.45 points. Barring IT, all the other sectors ended the session in red with Realty and Auto being the major laggards. Broader markets underperformed the Frontline Index as Mid and Smallcaps tanked by 1.66% &amp;amp; 1.24% respectively. A bearish marubozu open candle on the daily chart depicts a strong domination of bears but the Index stands at a strong support level of 24,750 (tested on 9th September and 7th October). A break below the mentioned level will drag the Index towards 24,430; and in the case of a reversal, 24,950 will be considered as immediate resistance.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Neutral Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 11,450 : Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Bajaj Auto BJAUT's 2QFY25 performance was in line with our estimates. EBITDA margin remained stable QoQ at 20.2% as the impact of an adverse mix and raw material inflation was offset by price hikes, favorable forex rates, and operating leverage benefits. However, the festive season has started on a weak note, with the industry posting just 1-2% YoY growth as of Dussehra and expecting 3-5% YoY growth during the season, assuming a revival before Diwali. The outlook for its key export market, Africa, remains uncertain, though the margin outlook is improving. BJAUT has outperformed the Nifty Auto Index over the last 12 months, fueled by market share gains in the 125cc+ domestic motorcycle segment, improved margins, and a unique shareholder reward policy. Outlook However, the stock now trades at ~38.5x/30x FY25E/26E EPS and appears fairly valued. We maintain our Neutral rating with a TP of INR11,450, based on 26x Sep’26E consol EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Vinati Organics; target of Rs 2500: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Vinati Organics Vinati Organics (VO) has strengthened its operations through backward integration, which is expected to expand its margins. Additionally, its vertical integration, along with the Veeral Additives (VAPL) merger, is likely to enhance economies of scale and help VO maintain/expand its market share in ATBS and antioxidants (AOs). Further, the commissioning of OSBP and DSBP plants positions VO as the sole domestic producer, reducing India's import reliance. With a 65% global market share in ATBS and IBB, VO aims to expand its ATBS capacity by 2HFY25. The company is also diversifying its portfolio through niche products and specialized polymers from Veeral Organics (VOPL) while advancing its sustainability strategy. In FY24, the company added 11.5MW of solar power and is targeting an additional 6.5MW in FY25, further reducing its carbon footprint. Outlook We continue to believe that VO’s overall long-term growth outlook is healthy. The stock is trading at ~39x FY26E EPS of INR54 and ~28x FY26E EV/EBITDA. It had a fixed asset turnover of 1.5x as of FY24. We value the company at 45x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at a TP of INR2,500. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy KEI Industries; target of Rs 5100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on KEI Industries KEI Industries (KEII)’s 2QFY25 earnings were below our estimate due to a lower-than-estimated margin in the Cables and Wires (C&amp;amp;W) segment led by RM cost volatility and lower EPC revenue. EBITDA was INR2.2b (est. INR2.5m), while OPM came in at ~10% (est. ~11%). PAT stood at INR1.5b (est. INR1.7b). Management indicated the volatility impact of RM costs will average out on a six-month basis, and it maintained its OPM guidance of 10.5-11.0% for FY25 (OPM was flat YoY at ~10% in 1HFY25). The decline in EPC revenue was due to heavy rainfalls across the country, due to which right-of-way (RoW) approvals were not available. KEII intends to remain a debt-free company and has obtained Board approvals for a fundraise of up to INR20b via QIP. We cut our EPS estimates for FY25-27 by ~3-6% as we factor in lower EPC revenue and reduced C&amp;amp;W EBIT margin by ~20bp. We estimate an EPS CAGR of ~20% over FY24-27. Outlook We value KEII at 50x Sep’26E EPS to arrive at our TP of INR5,100 (vs. INR5,300). Reiterate BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Larsen and Toubro Technology Services; target of Rs 6400: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Larsen and Toubro Technology Services L&amp;amp;T Technology (LTTS)’s 2QFY25 revenue was up 3.9% QoQ /6.5% YoY in USD terms vs. our estimate of ~4.1% QoQ growth. In CC terms, revenue was up 3.4% QoQ/6.3% YoY). Growth was led by the Sustainability vertical (up 6.5% QoQ), followed by the Mobility vertical with 4.8% QoQ growth. EBIT was up 1.1% QoQ but down 4.9% YoY at INR3.8b (est. INR4.2b). PAT stood at INR3.1b (est. INR3.5b), up 1.9% QoQ/1.3% YoY. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 7.4%/-3.9%/1.1% compared to 1HFY24. In 2QFY25, the company signed two USD20m deals and four USD10m deals. Outlook Our TP of INR6,400 (INR6,600 earlier) implies 40x Sep’26E EPS. We reiterate our BUY rating on the stock. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Larsen and Toubro Technology Services; target of Rs 6500: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Larsen and Toubro Technology Services Reported revenue stood at $307 million, up 3.4% q-o-q/ up 6.3% y-o-y in constant currency (cc) in line with our estimate. EBIT margin declined by ~50 bps q-o-q to 15.1%, missing our estimates of 16.2%. Deal wins were steady as company won two $20 million and four $10 million TCV deals along with two significant empanelment agreements in the sustainability vertical. Management is confident of broad-based growth continuing in the coming quarters and reaffirmed its FY25 guidance of 8-10% revenue growth in constant currency and aspiration of 16% EBIT margin levels. Outlook We maintain Buy on the stock with unchanged PT of Rs 6,500. At CMP, stock trades at 41.2/35.1/29.3x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold KEI Industries; target of Rs 4800: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on KEI Industries KEI reported a 10% y-o-y growth in net earnings for Q2FY2025 led by a 17% y-o-y growth in revenues. Revenue growth was driven by a 21% growth in cables segment but compensated by 58% decline in EPC segment revenues. The management has maintained its guidance of 16-17% y-o-y revenue growth and operating margin of 11% in FY25. The company looks to raise Rs 2,000 crore via QIP majorly to fund the Sanand greenfield project. Outlook The company is expected to do well backed by tailwind sectors like Renewables, Transmission, Data center and thriving real estate and infrastructure sector. However, the stock is currently trading a high PE of 41x its FY27 earnings. Hence, we maintain our Hold rating on the stock with a revised PT of Rs. 4,800. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 12,584: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on Bajaj Auto APAT stood at Rs 2216 crore (against estimate of Rs 2228 crore) on a 21.8% growth in revenue and 40 bps expansion in EBITDA margin on y-o-y basis. Green portfolios comprising EVs and CNG products constituted 40% of domestic revenue in Q2FY25. Outlook While we remain constructive on BAL’s structural growth prospects on account of its superior profitability, play on premiumisation, and expectation of a gradual recovery in exports but we change our rating to Hold with an unchanged PT of Rs 12,584 from Buy, as valuations have to catch up considering the management’s subdued commentary on ongoing festive season. Stock trades at a P/E multiple of 28.4x and EV/EBITDA multiple of 21.2x its FY2027E estimates. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Titagarh Rail stock soars 6% after Morgan Stanley buys stake worth Rs 85.5 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Titagarh Rail Systems gained over 6 percent after Morgan Stanley Asia Singapore Pte bought stake in the firm in a bulk deal in the previous trading session. The firm bought a 0.57 percent stake or 7.63 lakh shares in the company worth Rs 85.5 crore at an average price of Rs 1,120 per share Meanwhile, Smallcap World Fund Inc offloaded a 0.59 percent stake in Titagarh Rail at an average price of Rs 1,120.12 per share, valued at Rs 88.6 crore. So far in the day, a total of 73 lakh shares of the firm changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, compared to the one-month average trading volume of 17 lakh shares. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action At 12:24 pm, Titagarh Rail shares were trading 5.6 percent higher at Rs 1,197.25 on NSE. The stock has rallied 15 percent so far this year, in line with Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 50 percent more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 31 percent during this period. Titagarh Rail Systems is engaged in the manufacturing and selling of freight wagons, passenger coaches, metro trains, train electricals, steel castings, specialised equipment and bridges, and ships. The company operates through three segments: freight rolling stock, passenger rolling stock, and shipbuilding, bridges &amp;amp; defence. Titagarh Rail's largest customer is Indian Railways, contributing 45% of the company's revenue. Its second-largest customer, Rungta Sons Pvt., accounts for 17% of revenue, according to Bloomberg. The company is set to announce its July–September quarterly financial results soon.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 11,859: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Bajaj Auto BJAUT standalone revenue in Q2FY25 grew by 21.8% YoY, driven by strong volume growth of 15.8% YoY, while mix improvement (125cc+) in domestic and international motorcycle businesses further aided topline growth as ASP increased by 5.1% YoY. EBITDA grew by 24.3% YoY with margin expanding a moderate 40bps YoY to 20.2%. Rise in key input cost during the initial period of the quarter and scale-up of EV business slightly impacted the margin profile, which was partially offset by marginal price hike in Q2FY25. Further, one-off tax expenses suppressed decent overall performance, leading to a moderate PAT growth of 9.2% YoY. BJAUT continues to deliver healthy growth in its premium products with 125cc and higher end motorcycles contributing to ~75% of its volume. While Nigeria and key African markets continue to de-grow in terms of volume, it is witnessing healthy traction in LATAM and emerging markets. Additionally, the scale-up in EV business and new launches along with PLI benefits shall help the company deliver positive EBITDA in the next few quarters. Outlook Factoring this, we forecast its revenue/EBITDA/EPS to grow at a CAGR of 13.7%/15.7%/15.8% over FY24-FY27E. We maintain our “Hold” rating and revise our target price upwards to Rs11,859 (previous Rs11,146), valuing the company at 30x on its Sep-FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Mid-day Mood | Nifty, Sensex trade lower as auto, realty stocks bleed; IT bucks trend [/INST] The full article is as follows: Benchmark indices Nifty and Sensex extended morning losses and were deeply in the red after a sharp downturn in auto and realty stocks dented the sentiment massively. The IT index was the brightest spark in a dull market as heavyweights Infosys and Wipro will declare their Q2 earnings later today. At noon, the Sensex was down 444.09 points or 0.54 percent at 81,057.27, and the Nifty was down 183.10 points or 0.73 percent at 24,788.20. About 1065 shares advanced, 2236 shares declined, and 93 shares unchanged. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates The broader market, mainly the mid and smallcap index, underperformed the benchmarks heavily as both slipped over a percent each. Given its YTD outperformance, market experts have expressed caution in the space citing elevated valuations. The India VIX, the barometer to assess market anxiety, flared up 3 percent to rise above the 13 levels. Sectoral Trend All sectors barring IT tanked led by the Auto and Realty index. Two-wheeler major Bajaj Auto tanked over 11 percent after it left investors disappointed with its Q2 earnings. Realty majors such as DLF and Prestige Real Estates dragged the index lower. On the other hand, the IT index was the only sector in the green, rising almost 1 percent. Gains in Infosys, Tech Mahindra, TCS and Wpro helped the index higher. Also read: Hero Moto, TVS Motor shares see sharpest fall in 2 years on Bajaj Auto's Q2 miss Fundamental View &quot;In India, the consolidation around Nifty 25000 level is likely to be extended with bouts of FII selling and DII buying. The re-emergence of outperformance of smallcaps driven by liquidity is again becoming a cause of concern,&quot; VK Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. &quot;Coming days will witness lots of stock-specific action in response to Q2 results. Expect a positive response to the results of the financials. IT stocks can be bought on dips,&quot; he added. Read more: Hyundai IPO last day today: Will India's largest public issue hit Rs 1 lakh crore bids? Check subscription update Technical View &quot;Two consecutive days of declines did cast doubts on the recovery moves being attempted since 8th October. However, the oscillator signals that gave us the confidence to enter such recovery moves in the initial phase itself, continue to persist, encouraging us to continue playing for 25,390 and more,&quot; Anand James, Chief Market Strategist at Geojit Financial Services, said. &quot; Further, the support offered by 24,900 yesterday has fitted the recent swings into a parallel consolidation pattern, giving a launch pad for an upswing. We will keep our downside marker close, in the 24,900-830 region,&quot; he added. Key Sensex Gainers Infosys, Tech Mahindra, and SBI Key Sensex Losers M&amp;amp;M, Maruti Suzuki, and Axis Bank Key Nifty Gainers Infosys, Hindalco, and Tech Mahindra Key Nifty Losers Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp, and M&amp;amp;M Stock Moves Bajaj Auto: Shares tanked over 12 percent after the company posted lower-than-expected net profit in the second quarter. This comes after it revised its growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent, at the lower end of its earlier estimate of 5-8 percent. Kolte-Patil Developers: Shares zoomed 14 percent on October 17 as investors rejoiced at the company's solid Q2 business update. The real estate developer locked in its higher ever quarterly revenue in Q2.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sell Bajaj Auto; target of Rs 9500: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Bajaj Auto BJAUT’s Q2 results were marginally weak on lower ASPs. BJAUT’s 2W retail growth has been muted (FY25YTD: 6.7%; Sep-Oct: 5.7%), with market share loss in the fast-growing 125cc category; management expects FY25 industry growth to be closer to 5% than 8% if the ongoing below-par festive performance persists. Exports are recovering, albeit with the key Nigeria market still 50% below its earlier peak; further, with the 3W industry also now crossing previous highs, an elevated base effect may kick-in. Outlook Our estimates are unchanged (FY24-27E EPS CAGR: 13%); we downgrade BJAUT to SELL from Reduce, with new TP of Rs9,500 (26x core Sep-26E vs 23x Jun-26E earlier; revision basis sustained profitability, better EV positioning). We prefer HMCL (better risk-reward), and TVSL (improved growth prospects). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Larsen and Toubro Technology Services; target of Rs 5000: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Larsen and Toubro Technology Services LTTS reported steady revenue performance, while margin missed expectations. Revenue grew 3.9% QoQ to USD306.7mn, led by broad-based growth. EBITM declined by 50bps QoQ to 15.1%, missing our estimate. LTTS won two USD20mn and four USD10mn TCV deals, and signed 2 significant empanelment agreements in Sustainability. Despite a moderate H1, management retained FY25 revenue growth guidance of 8-10% CC, implying 4.5-7% CQGR over Q3- Q4 which is a tough ask, in our view. Broad-based growth in Q2, strong deal pipeline, SWC seasonality, and expected milestone booking in the Maharashtra cybersecurity project give management confidence on H2 being better than H1 and delivering on guidance. Outlook With growth improving and more deals in strategic areas, mgmt expects the EBITM trajectory to improve in H2 and has retained ~16% EBITM guidance for FY25. LTTS reaffirms its medium-term aspiration of USD2bn revenue with EBITM of 17-18%. We trim FY25-27E EPS ~1%, building in the Q2 performance; retain REDUCE and TP of Rs5,000 at 30x Sep-26E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Kolte-Patil Developers stock skyrockets 14% on best ever quarterly sales in Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Kolte-Patil Developers zoomed close to 14 percent on October 17 as investors rejoiced the company's solid Q2 business update. The real estate developer locked in its higher ever quarterly revenue in Q2. At 11.11 am, shares of Kolte-Patil Developers were trading at Rs 432.40 on the NSE. The stellar business update also fuelled a spike in trading volumes in the counter. As much as 57 lakh shares changed hands on the exchanges so far, a meteoric rise from the one-month daily traded average of three lakh shares. The company achieved quarterly sales value of Rs 770 crore in the July-September period, reflecting 22 percent on year growth. In Q2FY25, average realisations also rose by 16 percent year-on-year to Rs 7,472 per square foot, driven by premium projects like Life Republic (LR) and the 24K developments in Baner and Pimple Nilakh. Collections for the quarter also remained robust at Rs 550 crore. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action In addition to that, the company's collections in the first half of FY25 reached new highs of Rs 1,162 crore, driven by robust sales and consistent and timely execution of projects. &quot;Our 24K premium luxury segment continues to gain momentum, with the 24K segment contributing 30 percent to our sales in Q2FY25 reflecting the demand shift toward aspirational living,&quot; Atul Bohra, Group CEO, Kolte-Patil Developers commented on the achievement. &quot;Also, Life Republic township project has seen sustained volumes. Backed by a strong pipeline of launches planned in the second half of the year, we are confident about meeting our pre-sales target of Rs 3,500 crore for FY25. With robust industry trends supporting housing demand, especially in premium categories, we remain well-positioned to capitalise on the growing opportunity,&quot; he further added.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hind Rectifiers stock soars to 10% upper circuit on spurt in volumes [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hind Rectifiers hit the 10 percent upper circuit to scale a fresh record high of Rs 1,067.90 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), driven by high volumes. So far in the day, around 3 lakh shares of the company changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, compared to the one-month average trading volume of 31,000 shares. The company last month secured a supply order worth over Rs 200 crore from Indian Railways. The order will be executed by FY26, according to the terms and conditions outlined by Indian Railways, Hind Rectifiers said in a regulatory filing. It clarified that there is no involvement or interest from the promoter group or group companies in the entity awarding the contract. Additionally, the transaction does not qualify as a related party transaction. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Founded in April 1958, Hind Rectifiers specialises in the development, design, manufacturing and marketing of power semiconductors, electronic equipment, and railway transportation equipment. Indian Railways remains its largest customer, driven by its strong reputation and advanced technology in locomotives and coaches. However, the company is diversifying its focus, expanding into the defence and aerospace sectors, having secured certifications for aerospace standards and registered with defence organisations, which are expected to generate additional revenue in the coming years. Analysts believe that Hind Rectifiers is set to benefit from the government's infrastructure development plans and various power sector projects. The company is also expanding into the defence and aerospace sectors, having secured certifications for aerospace standards and registered with defence organisations At 10:45 am, Hind Rectifiers shares were trading 6 percent higher at Rs 1,033.05 on NSE. The stock has rallied 95 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the past 12 months, the counter has risen 173 percent more than doubling investors' capital. In comparison, Nifty rose 31 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hero Moto, TVS Motor shares see sharpest fall in 2 years on Bajaj Auto's Q2 miss [/INST] The full article is as follows: Mirroring the downward trajectory of Bajaj Auto, shares of Hero MotoCorp, TVS Motor company fell as much as 5 percent in the morning, their biggest single-day drop in 2 years. Meanwhile, Royal Enfield maker Eicher Motors also traded lower, albeit marginally. The plunge comes after Bajaj Auto trimmed the growth outlook for two-wheeler sales in India to a modest 5 percent, at the lower end of its earlier estimate of 5-8 percent. This cautious forecast comes from a slower-than-expected festival season fueled by Shradha Paksha and weak demand for entry-level motorcycles. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Bajaj Auto's net profit rose 9 percent to Rs 2,005 crore for the second quarter of FY2024-25, falling well below brokerage estimates polled by Moneycontrol. Following the results and management conference call Citi, Macquarie, and HDFC Securities issued negative calls on the counter. Also read: Bajaj Auto tanks 10% on weak Q2, guidance cut keeps brokerages cautious For instance, HDFC said &quot;We expect higher advertisement spending for promoting new launches, and slower recovery in key export markets to weigh on margins in the near term. Rural recovery remains a key monitorable in the second half of FY25. Citi, with a 'sell' call, believes that the company's Q2 performance was marginally below estimates due to a slight miss in average selling prices (ASPs) and gross margins. Citi was also slightly surprised by the outlook on festive demand, though Vahan data suggests that registrations are up almost 12 percent year-on-year. Macquarie has maintained its neutral rating on Bajaj Auto, with a target price of Rs 11,200 per share. While the company's Q2 performance was in line with expectations, gross margins were underwhelming due to a higher proportion of new products. Additionally, Macquarie pointed out a muted festive outlook that fell short of its expectations. At about 11 am, shares of Hero MotoCorp were trading at Rs 5,178, down 4 percent from the last close on the NSE. Meanwhile, TVS Motor Co shares slipped over 4 percent at Rs 2,656. Eicher Motors shares were down 2 percent at Rs 4,600. Bajaj Auto, the top loser on the Nifty, nosedived 11 percent at Rs 10,370. The Nifty Auto index was the worst performer, slipping 3 percent at 25,148.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Cyient DLM; target of Rs 842: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Cyient DLM Cyient DLM is firming its feet as integrated Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider, with a strong focus on critical solutions across the defense, aerospace, industrial, medical, and transportation sectors. The recent acquisition of Altek Electronics highlights Cyient's strategic intent to create synergies in the U.S. market, particularly in the industrial, medical and defense sector, supported by Altek’s ITAR certification. This acquisition is poised to strengthen Cyient’s industrial and medical segments, addressing concerns over the underlying weakness in these segments, while enhancing its defense capabilities in the U.S. The deal was executed at an attractive valuation of 0.78x price to sales (CY23-Sales), inclusive of a performance-based earn-out, reflecting financial discipline and strategic foresight. Outlook Accordingly, we project revenue, EBITDA, and net profit growth of 30%, 49%, and 59%, respectively, over FY24-FY26E. Based on these growth prospects, we initiate coverage with a price-to-earnings multiple of 43x on FY26E EPS (0.7x PEG) and a BUY rating, offering an upside of 18% (Target price: ₹842) from the current market price. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Sterling and Wilson; target of Rs 870: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Sterling and Wilson A pure-play global solar EPC and O&amp;amp;M service provider, Sterling &amp;amp; Wilson’s record Q2 orderbook of Rs105bn and the upgraded credit rating will help it achieve its FY25 revenue target of Rs80bn. Further, RIL’s plan to set up a 100GW RE capacity (predominantly solar and battery storage) by 2030 to meet its net-zero goal could offer EPC opportunities of Rs1.1trn over FY26-31 (opportunity of ~Rs300bn in EPC for the company; ~Rs24bn in O&amp;amp;M services). Outlook We maintain our estimates and retain a Buy rating with an unchanged TP of Rs870. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 17, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The Union Cabinet Wednesday approved a 2-7% hike in the minimum support price of six rabi crops for the marketing season starting in April. The MSP hike will cost the government an additional INR 876.57 billion, according to the announcement. The minimum support price for wheat, a key rabi crop, was increased by INR 150 or 7% to INR 2,425 per 100 kg, while that of chana, a largest rabi pulse, was raised by 4% or INR 210 to INR 5,650 per 100 kg, as per the announcement. Wheat, the crucial rabi crop, accounts for over 70% of the rabi food grain output. The hike for wheat has come at a time when the country is facing significant price pressures in the grain with low availability in markets. The government's wheat reserves have been falling over the past two years as it failed to reach its procurement targets in rabi marketing seasons 2022-23 (Apr-Mar) and 2023-24, with heatwaves reducing the size of the crop. The government this year is looking to make up for the depleted stocks and is promoting larger sowing on account of sustained soil moisture due to a good southwest monsoon. The government, as of Oct. 1, had a stock of 23.80 million tonnes, a shade above the buffer norm of 20.52 million tonnes prescribed for Oct-Dec. The stock was down 5.4% on month and 1.0% on year. Meanwhile, the hike in chana prices is crucial as the centre is looking to increase its acreage and promote farmers to plant more of it. Chana sowing fell significantly last year to 25.8 million hectares in 2023-24 from 30.7 million hectares in 2021-22. The Cabinet also approved increasing the minimum support price of mustard by 5% or 300 rupees to INR 5,950 per 100 kg and for masur by 4% or INR 275 to INR 6,700 per 100 kg. The support price for barley has been increased by 7% or INR 130 to INR 1,980 per 100 kg, while that of safflower has been raised by 2% or INR 140 to INR 5,940 per 100 kg. &quot;The increase in MSP for mandated rabi crops for marketing season 2025-26 is in line with the Union Budget 2018-19 announcement of fixing the MSP at a level of at least 1.5 times of the all-India weighted average cost of production,&quot; the government said in an official release. Minimum support prices, the price at which the government buys crops from farmers in case market prices fall, gives security and direction to growers in terms of realisation of their produce. • The southwest monsoon withdrew from the entire country on Wednesday, private weather agency Skymet said in a report. &quot;The depression off Oman's coast is expected to weaken gradually in a well-marked low-pressure area,&quot; it said. The India Meteorological Department said the southwest monsoon had withdrawn from the entire country on Tuesday. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: CRISIL Share Price: CRISIL stock jumps 7% on strong Q2 results; net profit, revenue jump YoY [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of CRISIL Ltd jumped over 7 percent in early trade on October 17 after the ratings firm reported a 12.9 percent on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 171.6 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The company's revenue from operations rose 10.3 percent YoY to Rs 811.8 crore. At the operating level, CRISIL's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) jumped 16.7 percent YoY to Rs 223.8 in the quarter under review, while EBITDA margin stood at 27.6 percent in the reporting quarter as compared to 26.1 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. During the quarter under review, the impact of foreign exchange movement was unfavourable compared to the same quarter last year. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The company's board of directors declared an interim dividend of Rs 15 per share (of Re 1 face value) for FY25, compared with Rs 11 per share declared during the corresponding quarter of the previous year. &quot;Global growth patterns are diverging, with the US slowing, the Eurozone recovering, and India displaying robust GDP growth. Geopolitical uncertainties remain a risk,&quot; said Amish Mehta, Managing Director and CEO of CRISIL. At 9:56 am, shares of CRISL shares were trading more than 4 percent higher at Rs 4,985.30 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock has risen around 17 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 14.8 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 29 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Tata Consultancy Services; target of Rs 4634: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services research report on Tata Consultancy Services Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), a subsidiary of Tata Sons Ltd, is a global IT company providing a range of services to industries, such as banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), telecommunications, transportation, retail,; manufacturing, pharma and utilities. In Q2FY25, TCS reported a revenue of Rs. 64,259cr (+8% YoY), driven by strong performance in India (+95% YoY), the UK (+11% YoY) and Asia-Pacific (+11% YoY). Revenue from India surged 95% YoY to Rs. 5,708cr, fueled by the rapid scale-up of the BSNL deal. Conversely, revenue from North America fell 1% YoY to Rs. 30,572cr, impacted by client-specific issues and softness in the communication segment. EBITDA increased 6% YoY to Rs. 16,731cr, led by lower cost of sales and revenue growth, with margin reaching to 26% (-40bps YoY). Consequently, PAT rose 5% YoY to Rs. 11,955cr. TCS’s prospects are expected to receive a significant boost from a strengthened workforce, stabilisation of headwinds, large deal ramp-ups, and a healthy order pipeline. Outlook Therefore, we remain optimistic about the company’s growth prospects and reiterate our Buy rating on the stock ,based on 30x P/E on FY26E Adj. EPS with a revised target price of Rs.4,634. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Deepak Nitrite; target of Rs 2582: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Deepak Nitrite Deepak Nitrite Ltd (DN) is working towards doubling its phenol capacity over the next 4-5 years through multiple forward integration projects. However, margins are likely to come under pressure due to the ongoing capacity additions in China, which may soon outpace demand. Deepak Phenolics' EBIT/kg has dropped from Rs23/kg in FY22 to Rs17/kg; we expect it to remain in the Rs16-17/kg range until FY27. Like DN, expansions in China are also in integrated fashion, thereby impacting margins across the value chain. While DN’s entry into polycarbonates and methyl methacrylate (MMA) targets import substitution to cater to the rising domestic demand, the influx of cheaper imports from China will pose a significant threat, potentially impacting margins. Outlook We anticipate ~8.7% EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. Considering largely commodity nature of the business, we value the stock at 36x FY27 EPS and retain ‘Reduce’ rating with TP of Rs2,582. Key risks to our recommendation would be imposing of anti-dumping duty, and diversification into value-added specialty chemicals. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: UBS Securities downgrades SRF to 'sell', warns of potential negative surprises; stock falls 2% [/INST] The full article is as follows: Brokerage firm UBS Securities has taken a bearish turn on SRF as it downgraded the stock to a 'sell' from its previous 'buy' call. Not stopping there, the brokerage also slashed its price target for the chemical maker by over 22 percent to Rs 2,100 which forecasts a potential downside of 9 percent from the previous closing levels. Shares of SRF also fell 2 percent following the downgrade and at 11.38 am, were trading at Rs 2,261.75 on the NSE. The downgrade stems from SRF's persistent growth challenges, sluggish agrochemical demand (with China expected to capture more market share), and softness in demand and pricing for refrigerant gases. UBS Securities highlighted these issues and flagged the potential for negative surprises from SRF in the near future. &quot;The US refrigerant gas market, where SRF is a key exporter, is grappling with weak demand due to high channel filling last year ahead of quota implementation, while Chinese manufacturers are gaining share by subsidising export prices thanks to strong domestic profitability,&quot; the brokerage noted. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action UBS has also slashed its earnings per share (EPS) estimates for FY25 and FY26 by 20 percent and 22 percent, respectively. At UBS's price target, SRF would be valued near its five-year average price-to-earnings ratio based on FY26 estimated EPS, a significant drop from the current 20 percent premium. The company has faced weak earnings over the past few years, impacted by a surge in low-cost inventories from China and declining prices. Similarly, SRF's shares have remained largely unchanged, delivering just 4 percent returns over the last three years. UBS Securities further noted that after prolonged financial struggles, hopes for a recovery in SRF are diminishing.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Ircon International stock gains as PSU inks MoU with Patel Engineering for infra projects [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Ircon International gained as the company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Patel Engineering Limited for collaboration and co-operation with each other to explore, identify, pursue and jointly execute mutually beneficial business opportunities in various infrastructure projects in India and Overseas. The stock will also be in focus as the latest shareholding pattern showed that mutual funds pared down their stake in the railway infra company during the September quarter. MF holdings in Ircon stood at 0.31 percent as of September 30, down from 1.67 percent at the end of the June quarter. Quant Active Fund exited the stock during the July-September period. The MF house held a 1.15 percent stake in the company at the end of the June quarter. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Foreign institutional investors also sold off IRCON shares in the September quarter. FII holding in the stock came down to 3.94 percent from 4.17 percent at the end of June. Meanwhile, retail investors raised their stake in the company as they now hold a 25.56 percent stake, up from the 23.41 percent reported at the end of June. Shares of Ircon International closed half a percent higher at Rs 223 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 27 percent so far this year, outperforming Nifty's returns of 14.8 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 39 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period. IRCON is expected to report an around 10 percent dip in its revenue at Rs 2,595 crore with a net profit of Rs 204.6 crore in the upcoming quarterly results, said Antique Broking in its preview report. &amp;nbsp;. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Market Minutes|Market in the thick of earnings, will it offer fresh triggers? Infosys, Wipro, Nestle in focus [/INST] The full article is as follows: nan. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: RVNL stock jumps 4% on bagging Rs 270 crore contract from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd (RVNL) jumped around 4 percent on October 17 as the public sector firm emerged as the lowest bidder for a project worth Rs 270 crore from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation. The project involves the construction of 10 elevated metro stations and is to be executed within 30 months from the date of contract award. The project includes the construction of seven elevated metro stations in Reach 3A namely Hingna Mount View, Rajiv Nagar, Wanadongri, APMC, Raipur Hingna Bus Station and Hingna. Three elevated stations will also be constructed in Reach 4A at Pardi, Kapsi Khurd, and Transport Nagar. Earlier this month, RVNL emerged as the lowest bidder for an East Coast Railway project for the third and fourth line between Jarapada &amp;amp; Talcher Road and the construction of a new line between Angul-Balram, which is part of the MCRL Internal Corridor Phase-I doubling project. The scope of the order involves the execution of balance earthwork in formation, minor bridges, major bridges, P.way linking works, supply of ballast, S&amp;amp;T buildings, level crossings and other miscellaneous works between Jarapada and Talcher road. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action This excludes the station yards in connection with the third and the fourth line of the Jarapada-Budhapank project and between Angul and Balram, including yards of MRCL Inner corridor Phase-I doubling. Shares of RVNL closed nearly a percent higher at Rs 478.45 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has risen around 162 percent so far this year, significantly outperforming Nifty's returns of 14.8 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 180 percent, more than doubling investors' capital, compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period. RVNL stock was among mutual funds' top stock picks for September as it saw MFs buying around 28 lakh shares. Foreign institutional investors were net buyers of RVNL shares during the July-September quarter. According to the latest shareholding data, FIIs own a 5.05 percent stake or 10.52 crore shares of the railway infrastructure company as of September 30. This is an increase from the 3.13 percent stake or 6.52 crore shares they held at the end of June.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see flat to positive start on October 17, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 25,042, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. The benchmark indices ended lower for the second consecutive session on October 16, with the Nifty below 25,000 amid selling across sectors barring realty. At close, the Sensex was down 318.76 points or 0.39 percent at 81,501.36, and the Nifty was down 86 points or 0.34 percent at 24,971.30. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading in the green, indicating a flat to positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 25,042 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Mixed) Asian markets were trading mixed on Thursday, despite gains on Wall Street that saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average reach a record close amid a strong start to the earnings season. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.08 -1.92 8.47 Nikkei -0.46 -0.91 11.06 Hang Seng Taiwan 0.49 2.45 23.47 Kospi 0.03 -2.81 -6.08 US Equities (Gain) The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose on Wednesday and closed at a record high, and Wall Street's two other benchmark indexes also ended higher, weathering declines in megacap tech shares thanks to small-caps gains and financial shares buoyed by strong earnings. It was the third time in four sessions the Dow has recorded a best ever finish, ending above 43,000 points again and recouping losses from the previous session. Also a whisker away from setting another closing milestone was the S&amp;amp;P 500, but ultimately it finished just short, up 27.21 points, or 0.47%, to 5,842.47 points. The Nasdaq Composite rose 51.49 points, or 0.28%, to 18,367.08. The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 337.28 points, or 0.79%, to 43,077.70. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.79 2 15.38 S&amp;amp;P500 0.47 1.63 23.65 Nasdaq 0.28 1.21 23.51 US Bond Yield (Gains) The US 10-year Treasury yield jumped 44 bps at 4.02 percent, while US 2-year bond yield was up 16 bps at 3.94 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.02 3.64 4.83 US 2-Year Treasury 3.94 3.60 5.20 Dollar Index (Flat) The dollar held near an 11-week high on Thursday as uncertainty over the upcoming U.S. election looms and as resilience in the U.S. economy added to bets the Federal Reserve will be less aggressive in easing rates versus its peers elsewhere. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.51 100.89 106.25 Asian currencies (Mixed) Asian currencies were trading mixed in the early trade on Thursday with Indonesian Rupiah gained the most followed by Japanese Yen and Singapore Dollar. On month-to-date basis, except Thai Baht, all other currencies gave negative returns. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.509 -0.696 -0.716 South Korean Won -0.069 -3.02 -5.44 Japanese Yen 0.154 -4.68 -5.60 Philippines Peso 0.114 -3.51 -4.02 Thai Baht -0.111 0.400 3 Taiwan Dollar 0.050 -0.895 -4.93 China Renminbi -0.001 -0.315 -0.279 Malaysian Ringgit -0.105 -0.988 6.80 Singapore Dollar 0.137 -1.10 0.648 Crude (Up) Oil prices rose in early Asian trade on Thursday, paring sharp losses over the past two sessions, after industry data showed an unexpected drop in U.S. crude stockpiles last week. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.63 3.87 -1.16 Brent Crude 0.57 3.98 -3.12 Gold (Up) Gold prices were trading marginally higher at around USD 2677, while Silver price gained nearly 0.5 percent at USD 31.78 in the early trade on Thursday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.16 1.62 29.80 Silver 0.41 2.01 33.09 LME Commodities (Mixed) Commodities prices were trading mixed in the early trade on Thursday with Nickel down nearly 1 percent, while Aluminium added 0.5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium 0.53 -1.05 8.39 Copper 0.29 -2.74 11.68 Nickel -0.83 -1.34 4.07 Lead 0.24 -0.57 0.75 Zinc -0.02 -1.25 14.84 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 3,436 crore on October 16, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 2,256.29 crore on the same day. 16th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,435.94 -51,887.48 -1,94,423.67 DII Net Flows 2,256.29 95,861.77 4,01,445.48 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Dollar hovers near 11-week high, eyes on China property briefing [/INST] The full article is as follows: The dollar held near an 11-week high on Thursday as uncertainty over the upcoming U.S. election looms and as resilience in the U.S. economy added to bets the Federal Reserve will be less aggressive in easing rates versus its peers elsewhere. The highlight of the Asia day will be a press conference in China at 0200 GMT focused on measures to prop up its beleaguered property sector, which will be key in getting the economy back on steadier footing and determining whether the rally in Chinese markets can continue. Ahead of the press conference, the offshore yuan was last 0.04% higher at 7.1328 per dollar. The Australian dollar, often used as a liquid proxy for the Chinese yuan, fell 0.02% to $0.6665, languishing near a one-month low hit in the previous session. The Aussie has been weighed down in part by investors’ disappointment over the lack of further stimulus details from China, which has also capped further upside in Chinese stocks. ”Keeping a very close eye on China, waiting for yet another press conference which is probably going to be long in rhetoric and short in detail,” said Rodrigo Catril, a senior currency strategist at National Australia Bank. ”Our sense is that there’s not a lot that we can get out of today … it’s very unlikely that we’ll get serious numbers. What we are looking for, though, is a little bit more colour in terms of what this objective of stabilising the housing market means.” In the broader market, the dollar was on the front foot, after having scaled an 11-week top against a basket of peers in the previous session. Sterling was flat at $1.2991, languishing near a two-month low hit on Wednesday due to weaker-than-expected UK inflation data, while the yen struggled near the 150 per dollar level and was last at 149.47. The euro eased 0.02% to $1.0859, ahead of a monetary policy decision from the European Central Bank later on Thursday where it is expected to deliver another rate cut. The dollar has not only drawn support from a run of upbeat data on the U.S. economy which has in turn caused traders to scale back their expectations of Fed rate cuts, but also on the possibility of a victory by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at next month’s election. ”His core policies on tariffs, immigration, and taxes would produce a more inflationary outlook in the U.S., diminishing prospects for aggressive Fed rate cuts over the cycle,” said Thierry Wizman, global FX and rates strategist at Macquarie. The dollar index was last steady at 103.51, having peaked at 103.60 in the previous session. Elsewhere, the New Zealand dollar ticked up 0.07% to $0.6061, after hitting a two-month low on Wednesday as data showed domestic inflation returned to the Reserve Bank of New Zealand’s target range of 1% to 3% in the third quarter, keeping the door open for the central bank to continue aggressively cutting rates.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade HDFC AMC, Finolex Industries, Orient Cement, CESC, ITD Cementation and others on Thursday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices closed another rangebound session on a negative note, with the Nifty 50 falling again by 0.3 percent on October 16. About 1,259 shares advanced, while 1,250 shares declined on the NSE. The consolidation in the market is expected to continue, with a focus on stock-specific action amid the earnings season. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Vidnyan S Sawant, Head of Research at GEPL Capital CESC | CMP: Rs 193.3 CESC has demonstrated a robust price structure on higher timeframes, showing strong relative strength amid market volatility. On the weekly scale, the stock broke out of a rising trendline in December 2023 and has maintained an upward trend since then. The breakout was accompanied by notable volume accumulation, indicating that the price action is well-supported by volume. Since May 2023, the stock has consistently stayed above the 26-week EMA (Exponential Moving Average), reflecting a healthy and sustained trend. The RSI (Relative Strength Index) momentum indicator stands at 62, reinforcing the bullish outlook. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 226, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 177 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 226 Stop-Loss: Rs 177 Hindustan Petroleum Corporation | CMP: Rs 434.65 Hindustan Petroleum Corporation has gained momentum and displayed consistent price growth following the breakout from a Cup and Handle pattern. On the weekly scale, the stock experienced a change in polarity at the February 2024 swing high, reinforcing a robust price structure and suggesting further upside potential. Since the breakout, Hindustan Petroleum has consistently maintained its position above both the 12-week and 26-week EMAs, signaling strong trend support. The RSI stands at 64, indicating that the positive price action is backed by bullish momentum. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside target of Rs 502, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 398 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 502 Stop-Loss: Rs 398 HDFC Asset Management Company | CMP: Rs 4,828 HDFC AMC has shown strong resilience since March 2023, consistently forming higher highs and higher lows. Despite challenging market conditions, the stock has remained stable within a well-defined range, showcasing its strength and relative outperformance. Trading volume has also surged above the 21-week average, indicating growing investor interest. On the daily chart, the stock recently broke through a key resistance level at Rs 4,546 with a solid bullish candlestick backed by strong volume. Looking ahead, the stock has an upside potential target of Rs 5,625, with a stop-loss at Rs 4,423 on a closing basis for effective risk management. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 5,625 Stop-Loss: Rs 4,423 ITD Cementation | CMP: Rs 602 ITD Cementation has maintained a pattern of higher tops and higher bottoms since 2022, consistently staying above the 26-week EMA, signaling a strong and healthy uptrend. A key structural development occurred in November 2023 when the stock reached a multi-year high, surpassing the November 2017 swing high. More recently, a change in polarity was observed from the July 2024 swing high, indicating that the stock is positioned for further price growth. Looking ahead, the stock shows potential for an upside target of Rs 738, with a recommended stop-loss at Rs 555 on a closing basis to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 738 Stop-Loss: Rs 555 Shitij Gandhi, Senior Technical Research Analyst at SMC Global Securities Finolex Industries | CMP: Rs 322.65 Finolex Industries has been trading under pressure for the last five months, with prices fluctuating in the formation of a lower bottom pattern on daily charts. Recently, the stock managed to take support at its 200-day EMA and formed a Double Bottom pattern around the Rs 265 level. Technically, a fresh breakout has been observed above the long-term falling channel. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock on dips until the Rs 310 level for the expected upside of Rs 350-355, with a downside support zone of Rs 305-300. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 350, Rs 355 Stop-Loss: Rs 270 Orient Cement | CMP: Rs 328.65 Orient Cement marked its 52-week high of Rs 369.60 in August, followed by a series of profit bookings that retraced the stock back towards its 200-day EMA on daily charts. However, the stock managed to take support there and has once again resumed its uptrend. Technically, the stock has formed a Cup &amp;amp; Handle pattern on broader charts and has caught renewed bullish momentum with a fresh breakout. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 320-330 for the expected upside of Rs 585-590, with a downside support zone of Rs 310-300. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 375, Rs 380 Stop-Loss: Rs 285 Thyrocare Technologies | CMP: Rs 889.5 Thyrocare Technologies has been consolidating in a range of Rs 780-880 for the last two months, with prices fluctuating within a formation of lower highs and lower lows on a weekly interval. This week, a fresh breakout has been observed above the Bullish Flag pattern on weekly charts as the stock has picked up fresh bullish momentum above its key resistance level of Rs 880 after a series of consolidation phases. Therefore, one can accumulate the stock in the range of Rs 880-890 for the expected upside of Rs 1,000-1,010, with a downside support zone of Rs 875-865. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,000, Rs 1,010 Stop-Loss: Rs 800. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Bajaj Auto, L&T Technology, Rail Vikas Nigam, Bikaji Foods, Oriana Power, Pondy Oxide in focus on Thursday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, and fund raising, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Infosys, Wipro, Axis Bank, Nestle India, LTIMindtree, Tata Chemicals, Tata Communications, Ceat, Havells India, Jindal Stainless, Central Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank, 5paisa Capital, Geojit Financial Services, Deccan Bearings, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Harshil Agrotech, Mahindra EPC Irrigation, National Standard, Polycab India, Quick Heal Technologies, Shemaroo Entertainment, Steel Exchange India, SW Investments, and Tanla Platforms will announce their quarterly earnings on October 17 Quarterly Earnings Bajaj Auto Q2 (Standalone YoY) Profit grows 9.2% to Rs 2,005 crore Vs Rs 1,836.1 crore Revenue increases 21.8% to Rs 13,127.5 crore Vs Rs 10,777.3 crore EBITDA jumps 24.3% to Rs 2,652.2 crore Vs Rs 2,132.9 crore Margin expands 40 bps to 20.2% Vs 19.8% L&amp;amp;T Technology Services Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit rises 1.9% to Rs 319.6 crore Vs Rs 313.6 crore Revenue grows 4.5% to Rs 2,572.9 crore Vs Rs 2,461.9 crore EBIT increases 1.1% to Rs 387.7 crore Vs Rs 383.6 crore Margin falls 50 bps to 15.1% Vs 15.6% Dollar revenue jumps 3.9% to $306.7 million Vs $295.2 million Company reaffirms FY25 guidance of 8-10% revenue growth in constant currency, and EBIT margin of 17-18% Company declares an interim dividend of Rs 17 per share Aditya Birla Money Q2 (YoY) Profit jumps 124% to Rs 26.7 crore Vs Rs 11.9 crore Revenue grows 30.4% to Rs 125.7 crore Vs Rs 96.4 crore Pondy Oxide and Chemicals Q2 profit zooms 168% YoY to Rs 15.3 crore, revenue grows 46% Pondy Oxide and Chemicals Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit surges 168.2% to Rs 15.3 crore Vs Rs 5.7 crore Revenue increases 45.9% to Rs 579.1 crore Vs Rs 396.8 crore CRISIL Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 12.9% to Rs 171.6 crore Vs Rs 152 crore Revenue grows 10.3% to Rs 811.8 crore Vs Rs 735.9 crore EBITDA increases 16.8% to Rs 223.8 crore Vs Rs 191.7 crore Margin expands 160 bps to 27.6% Vs 26% Company declares interim dividend of Rs 15 per share Kolte-Patil Developers Q2 Update Collections grow 16% YoY and down 10% QoQ to Rs 550 crore Sales value rises 22% YoY and 8% QoQ to Rs 770 crore Realisation increases 16% YoY and 1% QoQ to Rs 7,472 per square feet Sales volume jumps 5% YoY and 7% QoQ to 1.03 million square feet Stocks To Watch Rail Vikas Nigam RVNL has emerged as the lowest bidder for a project worth Rs 270 crore from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation. The project involves the construction of 10 elevated metro stations. Oriana Power The company has received a new contract worth Rs 375 crore for the construction of a 75 MW (AC) solar power plant from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company. The project involves the implementation of feeder-level solarisation under Component C of the PM-KUSUM Scheme, including land and transmission line. Bikaji Foods International The company's subsidiary, Bikaji Foods Retail, will make a strategic investment of up to Rs 131.01 crore in Hazelnut Factory Food Products for the acquisition of its 53.02% stake in tranches. This acquisition is part of the company's overall strategy to develop and expand its quick service restaurant (QSR) business vertical. Ircon International The company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Patel Engineering for collaboration and cooperation to jointly execute mutually beneficial business opportunities in various infrastructure projects in India and overseas. Welspun Corp The company's subsidiary, Sintex-BAPL, has completed the acquisition of a 100% stake in Weetek Plastic from the current shareholders. Following the acquisition, Weetek Plastic becomes a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the company. Weetek Plastic manufactures plastic pipes, fittings, and water storage tanks with a combined capacity of 19 KMPTA in Raipur, Chhattisgarh. EIH The company's board has decided to invest up to GBP 69 million in EIH London Investments for a 100% stake. EIH London Investments has not yet commenced its business operations. Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Aditya Birla Digital Fashion Ventures (ABDFVL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, has infused Rs 75 crore into Wrogn, increasing its shareholding in Wrogn from 17.10% to 32.84%. Oberoi Realty The board has approved the issuance of non-convertible debentures worth up to Rs 1,500 crore on a private placement basis. Additionally, it plans to launch a residential project named Jardin at Oberoi Garden City, Thane, on October 18. Tata Elxsi The design and technology services company has launched Coalesce, powered by the Snapdragon Spaces XR platform from Qualcomm Technologies Inc. Coalesce is an XR-based immersive collaboration solution that integrates spatial computing, digital twins, and simulations. UltraTech Cement The cement major has added 1.2 MTPA grinding capacity at its Arakkonam plant in Tamil Nadu. With this addition, its total cement capacity has reached 156.06 MTPA. Cochin Shipyard The Government of India has decided to exercise a green shoe option of up to 2.5% in the offer for sale of Cochin Shipyard on October 17. The offer for sale was subscribed 2.16 times the base size by non-retail investors on October 16. The issue will be opened for retail investors on October 17. The government is selling a 5% stake (including a 2.5% base issue size and a 2.5% green shoe option) in Cochin Shipyard. GMR Airports Infrastructure The passenger traffic in September grew by 9% YoY but fell by 4% MoM to 1.02 crore, while aircraft movements increased by 8% YoY and declined by 4% MoM to 67,018. Allcargo Gati The total volume, including surface and air express, stood at 108 kt for September, increasing by 6.9% over the previous month, but falling by 0.9% from 109 kt in September 2023. Reliance Industries The company has fixed October 28 as the record date for determining the eligibility of equity shareholders for bonus equity shares. The issue of bonus shares was passed with more than the requisite majority in e-voting on October 15. Bulk Deals Anlon Technology Solutions Mavira Growth Opportunities Fund has bought a 2.25% stake in Anlon at an average price of Rs 441.29 per share, and a 0.5% stake at an average price of Rs 456.37 per share. Titagarh Rail Systems Morgan Stanley Asia Singapore Pte bought a 0.57% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,120 per share, amounting to Rs 85.5 crore; however, Smallcap World Fund Inc sold a 0.59% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 1,120.12 per share, valued at Rs 88.6 crore. SME Listing on October 17 Pranik Logistics Stock Trades Ex-Date for Split Harshil Agrotech Stock Turns Ex-Dividend Madhuveer Com 18 Network F&amp;amp;O Ban Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Manappuram Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 16 [/INST] The full article is as follows: After a flat opening, weighed down by weak global cues and a lack of fresh triggers, indices lost steam and ended in the red on October 16 amid a broad-based market decline. IT, auto, and FMCG stocks were the biggest laggards on Nifty 50. At close, he Sensex was down 318.76 points or 0.39 percent at 81,501.36, and the Nifty was down 86.00 points or 0.34 percent at 24,971.30. Zydus Life | CMP: Rs 1,018 | Zydus Lifesciences shares fell nearly 4 percent after a US federal judge ruled in favor of Exelixis Inc. in a patent dispute over Cabometyx, a blockbuster cancer drug. MSN Laboratories, which had partnered with Zydus Lifesciences, conceded that its generic version of Cabometyx infringed on three of Exelixis’ patents. Rallis India | CMP: Rs 366 | Rallis India shares skyrocketed over 13 percent as investors rejoiced the company's well rounded performance in the July-September period. The firm delivered growth on all three key parameters of profit, revenue and profitability in Q2. Cochin Shipyard | CMP: Rs 1,588 | Cochin Shipyard fell 5 percent as the government's offer-for-sale to offload a 5 percent stake in the PSU company opened today. Through the OFS, the government intends to pare stake at a floor price of Rs 1,540 per share, implying a discount of 7 percent from the previous closing level. Shipping stocks | Centre may go ahead and approve a major decision for the shipping sector in the Cabinet meeting and clear the Coastal Shipping Bill 2024, according to reports. Shares of Shipping Corporation and GE Shipping gained upto 5 percent after the news report, which could pave the way for measures to improve traffic at major ports. KEI Industries | CMP: Rs 4,358 | KEI Industries tanked as much as 7 percent after the firm's operating margins contracted in the July-September quarter. Despite recording growth in the bottomline as well as topline, the company's EBITDA margin still shrank 70 basis points on year to 9.7 percent in the September quarter. HDFC AMC | CMP: Rs 4,815 | HDFC AMC shares jumped nearly 6 percent after strong Q2 FY25 results, with the market capitalisation topping Rs 1 lakh crore for the first time. Improved yields, steady momentum in equity assets under management, and robust topline growth fueled bullish sentiment around the stock. RailTel | CMP: Rs 435 | Share of Railtel Corporation of India jumped 6.5 percent after the company secured a Rs 79.8 crore order from Maharashtra Housing And Area Development Authority (MHADA). The telecom company announced that it will establish, migrate, and manage cloud-based data centre and disaster recovery sites for MHADA under the new contract. BSE | CMP: Rs 4,506 | International brokerage Jefferies has downgraded shares of Asia's oldest stock exchange BSE to 'underperform' as the near-tern risk-reward has turned unfavourable following the 100% run-up in the stock price. The brokerage downgraded BSE to 'underperform' from 'hold' which dragged the stock over 5 percent lower. The valuations are factoring large gains for BSE or a strong bounce-back in market volumes, the brokerage said. Voltas | CMP: Rs 1,881 | Shares rose 4 percent after Morgan Stanley upgraded Voltas to 'overweight', up from 'equal-weight' earlier, pencilling in the expectation of 21 percent earnings CAGR from FY25 to FY27. The firm's growth is likely to be driven by strong volume growth in the UCP (unitary cooling products) business, with moderate margin expansion. South Indian Bank | CMP: Rs 25 | Shares surged over 6 percent after the lender reported its Q2 earnings. The lender posted an 18 percent increase in profit at Rs 325 crore in the second quarter ended September 2024. The private sector lender had posted a net profit of Rs 275 crore in the same quarter a year ago. Total income increased to Rs 2,804 crore during the quarter under review, as against Rs 2,485 crore in the same period last year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2020: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on HCL Technologies The revenue from operations of the company increased by 8.2% year-on-year to ₹ 2,88,620 million on a consolidated basis. In constant currency (CC) terms the revenue grew by 6.2% YoY and 1.6% QOQ. This strong growth is aided by surge in license revenue of software business with while digital revenue grew by 7.8% YoY along with manufacturing, BFSI and recovery seen in ER&amp;amp;D services. On the business segment front, revenue for IT Business services, Engineering and R&amp;amp;D services grew YoY by 6.2% and 4.3% respectively in constant currency terms. On Vertical front, revenue for financial services stood by (4.5%), Manufacturing by 7.1%, Life sciences &amp;amp; Healthcare by (2.8%), Technology and Services by 5.6%, Telecommunication by 61.2%, Retail &amp;amp; CPG by 6.2% and Public services grew by (2.0%) on YoY CC growth basis .On geography front, revenue for America, Europe and except ROW grew YOY by 7.5%, 4.2% and (2.6%) respectively in constant currency terms. On profitability front, the company's EBITDA for the quarter increased by 7.4% year-on-year to ₹ 63,690 million with a margin of 22.0% in Q2 FY25. The company's net profit stood at ₹ 42,370 million, with a net margin of 14.6% . The company’s TCV (New deal wins) stood at US$ 2,218 mn compared to US$ 1960 mn in previous quarter. The voluntary employee attrition rate came to 12.9%, down from 14.2% in Q2 of last year. The management has revised the lower band of revenue guidance to 3.5% to 5.0% (from 3-5% guided earlier) YoY on CC basis and EBIT margin guidance remains same i.e 18.0% to 19.0% for FY25. The Board has declared an interim dividend of Rs 12 for the quarter. Outlook Going forward for remaining H2 FY25 management expects guided range 0-2% of revenue growth. In 3QFY25, the management expects furlough to remain similar to last year. The company has multiple growth opportunity with focus on data modernization, GenAI stacks, security privacy, cloud engineering and low code capabilities across geographies and verticals. We maintain HOLD rating on the stock with a revised target price of ₹2020 per share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Gopal Snacks; target of Rs 600: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on Gopal Snacks Q2FY25 sales growth of 12.6% is a gradual expansion in momentum, which should sustain as the company enhances execution in core and seeks to aggressively expand in focus (29% Q2 growth; 25% of sales) and other states (4% of sales). Gross margin stood firm QoQ at 29% in Q2 (+25bps YoY); the management sees stability ahead as custom duty increase in edible oil has been passed. OPM stood steady QoQ at 11.6% in Q2, but contracted by 110bps YoY given increase in A&amp;amp;P spends. On a low 2HFY24 base, we see healthy earnings ahead. Overall, we maintain 29% EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. The management aspires for Rs20-22bn revenue by FY27 and OPM at 14-14.5%. Outlook We maintain our BUY rating (refer note) with Sep-25E TP of Rs600/sh on 40x P/E. With the key growth pillars in place, we see 15% revenue CAGR over FY24- 27E. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Life Insurance; target of Rs 825: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on HDFC Life Insurance HDFCLIFE reported broadly in-line numbers for H1FY25, with APE 3.6% above our estimate at Rs67.2bn however, VNB Margin at 24.6% missed our estimate of 25.1% resulting in largely in-line VNB at Rs16.6bn. Margin contraction was largely due to changes in the product mix and delay in re-pricing of Non-Par products. Management revised the APE growth guidance to 18-20%, with VNB growth being in the 15-17% range for FY25E. VNB Margins will remain rangebound; however, margins should improve in H2FY25 as the pricing environment for value-accretive products is likely to improve under the new surrender regulations. To mitigate the impact of the new surrender regulations, the company has implemented a combination of deferment in commissions and introduction of a clawback provision. To bake in the Q2 developments, we have increased our APE by 2-3% while reducing VNB Margin by 60-70bps, leading to broadly unchanged VNB for FY25-27E. Outlook We reiterate BUY with an unchanged Sep-25E TP of Rs825/sh, implying FY26E P/EV of 2.7x. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy PVR INOX; target of Rs 1850: Emkay Global Financial [/INST] The full article is as follows: Emkay Global Financial's research report on PVR INOX PVR Inox’s Q2 results reflect better box office performance after a disappointing Q1. Footfalls, ATP, and SPH all improved in Q2 and were slightly higher than our estimates. Occupancy also increased to 25.7% from 20.3% in Q1. Although Hindi cinema NBOC saw a rebound in box office collections (QoQ), it was largely led by single movie performance. Growth in Regional NBOC was more broad-based and the Hollywood slate remained weak. Looking ahead, the upcoming pipeline is healthy, which provides comfort for strong box office collections for Q3. Movies starring mega stars should pick-up in the next calendar year. The management is also optimistic on producers churning out more movies, which should aid occupancies. On the cost front, the management is taking multiple steps to improve profitability, though most of these should bear fruit over the medium term, in our view. Outlook We tweak our FY25-27E EBITDA by ~1% factoring in Q2 results and maintain BUY with a TP of Rs1,850/share (12x Sep-26E pre-INDAS EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KBC Global announces plans to raise Rs 100 crore to cut debt [/INST] The full article is as follows: Construction and infrastructure company KBC Global announced plans to raise up to Rs 100 crore through an issue of equity shares. The company's board is scheduled meet later today to consider and approve the proposal, which includes raising the funds through permissible modes such as preferential allotment and warrants, the company stated. According to the statement, the proceeds from the equity issue will be used for debt repayment. &quot;The board will consider and approve raising funds upto Rs 100 crore by issue of equity shares, through permissible modes, including but not limited to, preferential allotment, warrants or such other permissible mode or combinations thereof, in one or more tranches, as may be decided, subject to approval of the shareholders and regulatory and other approvals, each as may be required,&quot; KBC Global said in its exchange filing. At 1.32 pm, shares of KBC Global were trading 0.5 percent lower at Rs 2.35 on the NSE. The company will also release its July-September earnings today along with the approval of the fund raise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC AMC stock surges 6%, market cap tops Rs 1 lakh crore after Q2 results show robust topline, improved yields [/INST] The full article is as follows: HDFC Asset Management Company (AMC) shares jumped 6 percent on October 16 after strong Q2 FY25 results, with the market capitalisation topping Rs 1 lakh crore for the first time. Improved yields driven by the rationalisation of commissions, steady momentum in equity assets under management (QAAUM), and robust topline growth fueled bullish sentiment around the stock. HDFC AMC stock was trading at Rs 4,825.5 on NSE in the afternoon, after climbing to the day’s high of Rs 4,849.95. Other AMC shares gained as well, presumably due to the rub on effect. Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC shares jumped over 11 percent to Rs 777; UTI AMC stock was up 6 percent at Rs 1,307; and Nippon Life India AMC share price gained about 5 percent to Rs 741. Earlier, on Tuesday, HDFC AMC posted a robust 32 percent year-on-year growth in profit after tax (PAT) for the July-September quarter, supported by a 38 percent rise in total income. Its Q2 net profit PAT rose to Rs 577 crore, up from Rs 437 crore in the same quarter last year. Total income surged to Rs 1,058 crore, from Rs 765 crore a year ago. Also read | Small cap valuations too expensive? Not really, suggests this fund manager The company’s assets under management (AUM) grew by 7.5 percent, reaching Rs 7.58 lakh crore, with notable increases in debt and liquid market share. The company’s equity market share remained stable at 12.9 percent, while its debt market share rose to 13.5 percent, and its liquid market share grew to 12.1 percent. Brokerage views reflected a mix of optimism and caution. Jefferies maintained its 'Buy' call with a target price of Rs 5,450, saying that the company’s topline growth and yield uptick were significant drivers of growth in profit before tax (PBT). However, the one-time tax outflow linked to legacy gains slightly moderated PAT growth. Jefferies target price implies about 20 percent upside from the previous close of Rs 4,555. Morgan Stanley, on the other hand, kept an 'Equal-Weight' rating with a lower target price of Rs 4,120, implying about 10 percent downside from yesterday’s close. Analysts said that the operating profit was in line with expectations and PBT beat estimates due to higher other income. But higher tax outflow following the Union Budget 2024 weighed on net profits. Despite this, Morgan Stanley expects that the rationalisation of commissions would lead to higher yields.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Uncertainty over China stimulus leaves metal stocks in a state of flux; clarity to reignite momentum [/INST] The full article is as follows: The uncertainty surrounding China's stimulus and the roadmap to revive its economy has put metal stocks in a state of flux, leaving investors wondering if it's too soon to celebrate. Initially, China's measures to revive its battered property sector sparked optimism, but metal stocks have since experienced bouts of volatility, becoming highly sensitive to shifting market expectations. What once seemed like strong upside potential for metal stocks has now lost some momentum. While there’s still hope that China will introduce more robust measures to boost its economy, analysts believe that metal stocks will only see significant bullish momentum once the government provides clear guidance. Until that happens, scepticism lingers, as investors try to gauge whether these measures will trigger a substantial turnaround or remain another shot in the dark. Why does China's stimulus matter? China is the world's largest consumer of base metals, significantly influencing global demand for metals. In recent years, Indian metal companies have faced challenges due to weak pricing caused by faltering demand from China, mainly due to its struggling property sector and slow economic growth. As domestic demand in China slowed down, Chinese metal manufacturers turned to global markets, resulting in an oversupply compared to sluggish demand, further pressuring prices. This is where China's stimulus and efforts to revive its debt-ridden property sector come into play. If China's measures are successful in revitalising its struggling property sector, it will lead to increased global demand for metals, benefiting Indian metal companies. A revival of China's property and manufacturing sectors will particularly benefit Indian steelmakers and iron ore mining companies such as NMDC, Tata Steel, JSW Steel, and Jindal Steel and Power. Steel and iron, essential for steel manufacturing, are the commodities expected to experience the highest surge in demand from a recovery in China's property sector. Iron ore prices have displayed significant fluctuations recently as investors reacted to expectations and disappointments related to China's stimulus. &quot;The uncertainty surrounding China’s stimulus plans has created a volatile environment for base metals. While the government has made efforts to boost the economy, the timing and impact of these measures are still unclear, fuelling speculation and price swings,&quot; said Aamir Makda, Commodity &amp;amp; Currency Analyst at Choice Broking. This volatility directly impacts metal manufacturers, as their earnings and profitability are closely linked to base metal prices. Recent fluctuations, especially in iron ore prices, have contributed to an inconsistent trend in metal stocks. The Nifty Metal index has shown mixed performance, gaining in six out of the last twelve sessions but edging more than 2 percent lower overall during this period. The sectoral index was also trading in the red today. Also Read | China’s Housing Ministry may unveil measures for property sector on Thursday What's happening with metal companies? Metal companies have faced pressure in recent quarters due to falling prices and weakening demand. For the second quarter, Elara Capital analysts expect all ferrous metal companies like Tata Steel, JSW Steel, and Jindal Steel to report a sequential drop in EBITDA of around 2 percent year-on-year amid weak steel prices. NMDC is also expected to see a decline in EBITDA per tonne by close to 30 percent quarter-on-quarter after raising prices twice in the previous quarter. Near term outlook for metal companies without China stimulus While a substantial China stimulus can accelerate the recovery path for Indian metal companies, other factors could trigger a revival by the end of FY25. Analysts at Elara Capital believe that a potential reduction in steel production by China during winter, the expiration of Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) certification for some steel mills exporting to India, and planned maintenance shutdowns by major mills in South Korea could lead to a recovery in steel prices. &quot;In addition, the onset of the busy construction season in the domestic market is expected to boost demand, supporting steel prices. Furthermore, lower coking coal and iron ore prices are likely to ease pressure on profit margins, providing relief for steelmakers,&quot; the brokerage stated. Meanwhile, expectations of the government imposing anti-dumping duties on China's steel exports to India could also be another major trigger that lifts domestic steel prices, further strengthening the outlook for steelmakers. A report by The Economic Times, citing officials, stated that the government could soon expand the ambit of its stringent quality norms amid an increase in large-scale dumping of substandard steel, largely from China. This follows a comprehensive review of local production and imports by the steel ministry in early October, which revealed the sector’s increased vulnerability to global trade diversions, the report added. Stringent quality checks can help curb the surge of imports, as producers seek alternative markets due to ongoing sluggish demand and high tariffs imposed by the US and EU, raising the risk of dumping goods into India. Bhavik Patel, Senior Commodity Research Analyst at TradeBulls Securities, further believes that Indian metal stocks, which are heavily influenced by international prices, are likely to remain neutral in the short term. Moreover, Patel does not anticipate a significant rally in metal stocks before the end of 2024, though he expects a potential turnaround in 2025. Also Read | Market Wobble or Bullish Reboot: China’s short-term spark vs India’s long-term fire. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Railtel Corporation shares rise 10% on new order win worth Rs 80 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: Share of Railtel Corporation of India jumped 10 percent to Rs 449 in the afternoon trade on Wednesday, October 16, after securing a Rs 79.8 crore order from Maharashtra Housing And Area Development Authority (MHADA). The telecom company announced that it will establish, migrate, and manage cloud-based data centre and disaster recovery sites for MHADA under the new contract. Railtel shares have slipped 21 percent in the past three months. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Railtel was recently elevated to 'Navratna' status by the government on August 30, joining the ranks of top public sector enterprises. The company reported an annual turnover of Rs 2,622 crore and a net profit of Rs 246 crore for FY24, giving it enhanced decision-making power and operational freedom. In September, Railtel also bagged a Rs 156-crore order from Maharashtra Rural Development to operationalize ASSK-GP projects across the Konkan, Pune, and Nashik regions. In the June 2024 quarter, RailTel posted a 25.2 percent year-on-year rise in net profit to Rs 48.7 crore, with revenue from operations growing 19.4 percent YoY to Rs 558.1 crore. The railway PSU forecasts telecom revenue to grow by 9–10 percent, with project revenue expected to reach Rs 2,000 crore, driving overall revenue growth of 25–30 percent in FY25. At about 12:50 pm, shares of the company were trading at Rs 440, higher by 8 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Angel One; target of Rs 4100: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Angel One 2QFY25 PAT grew 39% YoY to INR4.2b (5% beat), aided by better-thanexpected operational efficiency. Revenue from operations jumped 45% YoY to INR9.8b, largely in line with our estimate. The total number of orders increased to 489m in 2QFY25 from 338m in 2QFY24 (up 45% YoY). Gross broking revenue per order declined 11% YoY to INR19.1, led by a 19% drop in cash segment and a 7% fall in F&amp;amp;O. Total operating expenses rose 51% YoY (5% below our estimates). The CI ratio increased YoY to 50.1% from 48.7% in 2QFY24 (better than our estimate of 52.5%). The management expects a hit of ~13-14% in broking and related income due to new F&amp;amp;O regulations. The wealth segment is expected to achieve a breakeven in the next three years, while other new businesses could achieve a breakeven in two years. We now factor in a 6%/10% QoQ decline in F&amp;amp;O orders in 3QFY25/4QFY25. We also assume a price hike of INR3/order in 1QFY26. As a result, we cut our EPS estimates by 9%/12% for FY25/FY26. Upsides could come from revenues from new segments, which we are yet to factor in. Outlook Given that regulatory uncertainty is now behind and management guidance on revenue impact is relatively softer, we raise our TP to INR4,100 based on 18x Sep’26E EPS. Maintain BUY. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Newgen Software Technologies; target of Rs 1260: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Newgen Software Technologies Newgen reported strong revenue growth of 23.2% YoY in Q2FY25 led by license sales predominantly in APAC and healthy growth across other markets. We built in 24%/25% revenue/EPS CAGR over FY24-27E. We now value Newgen at 50x (earlier 40x) led by 1) improved growth visibility on continued traction in banking in India and EMEA markets, focus on building scale in health insurance and government segments, healthy orderbook (22% YoY in H1FY25), with growing deal sizes, 2) strong client-mining ability – INR 50mn+ client bucket grew 2.5x to 65 in 3 years, 3) potential revenue upside when US engine fires up and 4) steady EBITDA margin above 23%. Outlook We value the stock at 50x P/E on Q2FY26-Q1FY27E EPS of INR 25 to arrive at revised TP of INR 1,260. Maintain HOLD on stretched valuations. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sterlite Technologies share price rallies 6% on new AI Data center push [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sterlite Technologies surged 6 percent to Rs 128 in the afternoon on October 16 after the company showcased its latest AI-driven data centre solutions at the India Mobile Congress 2024. The telecom firm launched a portfolio of optical fibre products to support the rapid growth of AI infrastructure in data centres, which require greater fibre density as they shift to GPU-based servers. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates While artificial intelligence models are at the front end, the backend infrastructure— the AI-led data centres—rides on optical fibre connectivity. As data centres transition to GPU-based servers, the demand for fibre optic infrastructure between and inside the data centres could surge dramatically. India has emerged as a major hub for data centre ecosystems. Early estimates suggest that by 2026, the country will increase its GPU-based server capacity in AI-driven data centres to nearly 5.2 lakh GPUs. These GPU-intensive data centres will need 36 times more fibre than traditional CPU racks due to higher server density and increased bandwidth demands. The management stated that the company's IBR (Intelligently Bonded Ribbon) cabling technology sets the benchmark for fibre densification and will serve as the backbone of AI data centre connectivity. &quot;Our expertise in IBR technology, combined with our optical connectivity solutions, puts us in a strong position to develop and commercialise this portfolio,&quot; he added. At about 12:25 pm, shares of the company were trading at Rs 126, higher by 4 percent from the last close on the NSE. Sterlite Tech shares have tanked 15 percent in the last three months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy State Bank of India; target of Rs 1000: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on State Bank of India SBI, to its credit, has one of the lowest domestic LDR, strong LCR and a formidable regulatory retail deposit franchise. Together, these significantly bolster the bank from the systemic issue of slower deposit growth. While systemic loan growth has been moderating, we believe SBI has strong chances of gaining credit market share due to its improving credit delivery, strong funding franchise and idiosyncratic issues at second largest lender. We reckon, Q2FY25’s possible stress recognition from two sovereign exposures may be viewed as a one-off. Concerns, if any, on kitchen sinking, are unwarranted; although new chairman has the opportunity to address the anomaly of slippages recognition policy (no impact on net slippages/credit costs). At systemic level, there seem rising concerns on MFI/unsecured asset quality; SBI appears well-placed with no exposure to MFI and credit card. Outlook We estimate rise in net slippages but believe ~50bps of credit costs should suffice as net NPA (~0.6%) appears to have plateaued. Despite a marginal dip in NIM, SBI should be able to sustain ~0.95–0.9% of RoA for FY25–26E, translating to &amp;gt;15% RoE. Important to note – the gap vs. private peers on RoRWA-basis is considerably lower. Maintain BUY with an unchanged target price of INR 1,000. Value unlocking / monetisation (YES/NSE) could also be near-term triggers. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Angel One; target of Rs 3700: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Angel One Angel One’s business execution remains strong, underlined by increasing share in cash volumes (17.5%), share in F&amp;amp;O volumes (20.7%), share in active NSE clients (15.5%), growth in MTF book (48.1% QoQ average MTF book growth in Q2FY25), and prospects of new business segments such as AMC, wealth management and other financial services. As such, despite possible regulatory overhang on option volumes, we remain constructive on earnings growth opportunity, coupled with the prospect of higher investor returns, basis current valuation (17x FY26E EPS). Key risk: Drop in volumes post the regulatory changes which may reduce participation in capital markets. Outlook Our FY25E/26E EBITDA margin stands at 45.2%/45.2% vs 46.8% in FY24. We estimate PAT of INR 14.9bn/16.7bn in FY25/26E, respectively. We value Angel at 20x multiple on FY26E EPS of INR 185 (earlier INR 187) to arrive at our revised target price of INR 3,700 (earlier INR 2,800). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy PVR Inox; target of Rs 2250: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on PVR Inox PVR Inox’s occupancy reverted to ~26% in Q2FY25 despite a very weak content pipeline. Management has guided for significant improvement in Q3FY25. In fact, management called out that moviegoer excitement levels are now back to pre-Covid peaks and lower number of movie releases are the only hindrance to occupancy levels reverting to &amp;gt;30% levels. Given the pipeline in Q3FY25, management is hopeful of replicating the success of Q2FY24, which is in line with our thesis (link). We believe capex intensity may also reduce as a proportion of revenue from FY26 as PVR plans to open 15% screens on FOCO model, 35-50% on asset-light model and rest on structured lease model. Net debt declined by INR 1.4bn in H1FY25. Monetisation of assets is also on track and may help in deleveraging further. Re-iterate BUY. Outlook We maintain our target price of INR 2,250 valuing the company at multiple of 16x adj. EBITDA (1-year forward). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold PVR Inox; target of Rs 1780: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on PVR Inox PVRINOX’s revenue stood at Rs. 1,622, up~36% q-o-q/down 19% y-o-y, beating our estimate of Rs. 1,581 crore. EBITDA margin (pre Ind-AS116) stood at 11.5%, beating our estimate of 9%. Average ticket price (ATP) stood at Rs. 257, down 6.7% y-o-y, while F&amp;amp;B spend per head (SPH) was flat y-o-y at Rs. 136. The company anticipates Q3 to be the strongest quarter of FY25 and expects occupancy levels to rise in Q3, Q4, and FY26. Outlook We maintain HOLD on PVRINOX with revised PT of Rs 1,780. At the CMP, the stock trades at 28.7x its FY26E EPS and 12.7x its FY26E EV/EBITDA. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Life Insurance Company; target of Rs 870: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on HDFC Life Insurance Company VNB margins lagged estimates, fell by ~200 bps y-o-y reported at 24.3% vs estimates of 25.4% due to adverse product mix and repricing of IRR downwards for some of the existing non-par savings &amp;amp; annuity products (one off item). Considering the impact of surrender value regulation aspplicable from 1st Oct along with focus on higher growth in ULIPs &amp;amp; lower share of annuity in near term is likely to result in lower VNB margins by 100-150 bps in FY25E vs FY24. On the positive side, Individual APE growth was strong at ~31% y-o-y outpacing the overall APE growth (~27% y-o-y) driven by continued traction in ULIPs along with robust growth in non -par savings. Outlook APE growth guidance has been revised from ~15% to 18-20% for FY25E. VNB is expected to grow at ~15-17% y-o-y. Stock trades at 2.7x/ 2.4x/ 2.1x its FY2025E/ FY2026E/ FY2027E EVPS. We maintain a Buy on the stock with an unchanged PT of Rs. 870. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy SJS Enterprises; target of Rs 1300: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on SJS Enterprises We initiate coverage on SJS Enterprises Ltd. (SJS) with a BUY and TP of ₹1,300 (28% upside). We believe that the company should grow faster than industry on the back of a) premiumization trend - transitioning to 3D dials (2x higher realization), capacitive overlays (2x higher realization), premium logos (20% higher realization), and IML/IMD products (1.5x higher realization), b) new customer additions, and c) maximizing cross selling opportunities. SJS has demonstrated exceptional integration and operational skills by doubling Exotech’s revenues with substantial margin expansion since acquisition, imprinting the same for WPI. Even excluding any impact of cover glass and any acquisition, we expect a net cash balance sheet, strong FCF generation, healthy margins and very strong growth, demanding a solid performance going forward. Outlook We expect this gap to narrow as the company delivers on the key points and triggers explained in this report, thereby making a case for re-rating. We initiate SJS with a target price of ₹1,300 (valued at 25x FY27E earnings as compared to current P/E of 19.5x). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold PVR Inox; target of Rs 1598: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on PVR Inox PVR-Inox reported better than expected performance in 2QFY25 with pre-IND AS EBITDA margin of 11.5% (PLe 10.6%) led by better cost control and strong performance from Stree-2 (NBOC of ~Rs6bn). As the movie calendar is considerably better in 2HFY25E with movies like Pushpa-2, Singham Again, Bhool Bhulaiya-3, Raid-2, and Sikandar, we expect sharp recovery in BO fortunes in the second half. We believe PVR-Inox is in the reset mode, where the focus is on rationalizing cost, reducing capex (adoption of FOCO &amp;amp; asset light model) and debt, which should yield results once content flow stabilizes. Outlook We broadly maintain our estimates at operating level and expect pre-IND AS EBITDA margin of 13.8%/16.6% for FY25E/FY26E. Retain ‘HOLD’ on the stock with a TP of Rs1,598 (earlier Rs1,474) as we roll forward to Sep-26E (12x EV/EBITDA). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HDFC Asset Management Company; target of Rs 5360: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on HDFC Asset Management Company HDFC AMC saw a good quarter as revenue was 2.8% higher than PLe owing to better-than-expected yields at 46.8bps (PLe 45.5bps) led by strong growth in equity QAAuM of 14.8% QoQ to Rs4.7trn, which resulted in core income beat of 2.5%. Yields inched up QoQ as the company rationalized net yields in Aug’24 and Sep’24 across 10-12 schemes. Core PAT was a miss due to DTL impact. Equity performance within the 1-yr and 3-yr buckets remains best-in-class, which resulted in strong net flows’ market share of 14.6% in H1FY25. We raise core EPS for FY25E/FY26E by ~8% each due to upgrade in FY25E closing equity AuM for the industry from 27% earlier to 40% since equity growth from MarSep’24 has been strong at 30% (8% flows and 22% MTM). Over FY24-26E, we see healthy core PAT CAGR of 27% (earlier 22%). Outlook Stock is valued at 34x on Sep’26 core EPS. We maintain multiple at 41x, but raise TP to Rs5,360 from Rs4,700 as we roll forward to Sep’26. Reiterate ‘BUY’. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Cochin Shipyard slips 4% as OFS opens to sell 5% stake at a discount [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Cochin Shipyard fell over 4 percent on October 16 as the government's offer-for-sale to offload a 5 percent stake in the PSU company opened today. Through the OFS, the government intends to pare stake at a floor price of Rs 1,540 per share, implying a discount of 7 percent from the previous closing level. The OFS includes a base offer of 2.5 percent stake or 66 lakh shares, as well as a green shoe option of another 2.5 percent. The OFS which opened today for non-retail investors was subscribed 1.76 percent by 10.30 am. As for retail investors, the issue will open on on October 17. The indicative price for the non-retail category will be released separately. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The government currently owns a 72.86 percent stake in Cochin Shipyard as per the company's latest shareholding data. At 10.34 am, shares of Cochin Shipyard were trading at Rs 1,606 on the NSE. Despite a sharp correction over the past three months, during which the stock lost nearly 42 percent of its value, it remains up over 137 percent year-to-date. The shipbuilder reported a 77 percent spike in net profit to Rs 174.2 crore in the first quarter of FY25, compared to Rs 98.6 crore during the same period last year. Prior to that however, the PSU firm's net profit declined by 33 percent from Rs 258.8 crore in the March quarter. As of September end, the company boasts an order book of Rs 22,500 crore, along with an order pipeline for shipbuilding projects valued at Rs 7,820 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: KEI Industries share price: KEI Industries stock tanks 7% as margins contract in Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of KEI Industries tanked as much as 7 percent on October 16 after the firm's operating margins contracted in the July-September quarter. Despite recording growth in the bottomline as well as topline, the company's EBITDA margin still shrank 70 basis points on year to 9.7 percent in the September quarter as compared to 10.4 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. The fall in margins was on account of higher cost of raw materials and a spike in finance costs and employee expense benefits. At 09.56 am, shares of KEI Industries were trading at Rs 4,432 on the NSE. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Meanwhile, the company's net profit grew 10.3 percent to Rs 154.8 crore for the second quarter of FY25, up from Rs 140.30 crore in the year ago period. The cable maker's revenue also rose 17.2 percent to Rs 2,279.6 crore in comparison with Rs 1,945 crore in the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal. Beyond that, the company also reported a pending order book of approximately Rs 3,847 crore by the end of Q2. Furthermore, KEI Industries also announced plans to raise up to Rs 2,000 crore through a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP). The company plans to issue equity shares or other eligible securities as part of this initiative. However, it did not disclose how it plans to use the proceeds from the fund raise.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Check out these eleven stocks that made their debut in mutual fund portfolios in September [/INST] The full article is as follows: Mutual funds added eleven new stocks to their portfolios in September, with the shares of Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd taking the lead. Funds acquired 11.29 crore shares of Bajaj Housing Finance, amounting to an investment of Rs 1,740 crore. Following this were PN Gadgil Jewellers and SpiceJet Ltd, with investments of Rs 483 crore and Rs 305 crore, respectively. Other notable additions in IPOs included Kross Ltd (Rs 110 crore), Western Carriers India Ltd (Rs 68.94 crore), Northern ARC Capital (Rs 37 crore), KRN Heat Exchanger &amp;amp; Refrigeration Ltd (Rs 20 crore), and Diffusion Engineers Ltd (Rs 18.15 crore), indicating strong buying interest from mutual funds. The substantial investment in Bajaj Housing Finance and PN Gadgil was supported by robust anchor book buying ahead of their IPOs. Bajaj Housing Finance, which debuted on September 9, surged nearly 135 percent from its issue price of Rs 70 per share. Similarly, PN Gadgil Jewellers, listed on September 17, experienced a 65 percent jump on its first trading day. A total of 21 mutual funds invested in Bajaj Housing Finance, while 10 funds took positions in PN Gadgil. Additionally, 9 funds bought shares of Kross Ltd, 4 each in Western Carriers India Ltd and Northern ARC Capital, 2 in KRN Heat Exchanger &amp;amp; Refrigeration Ltd, and 1 in Diffusion Engineers Ltd. Edelweiss Mutual Fund emerged as the largest investor in Bajaj Housing Finance with a stake worth Rs 314 crore, followed by HDFC Mutual Fund and SBI Mutual Fund, with investments of Rs 248 crore and Rs 206 crore, respectively. Other major buyers included ICICI Prudential, Kotak Mahindra, Aditya Birla Sun Life, Axis, and Nippon India Mutual Funds. SpiceJet, which raised around Rs 3,000 crore through a QIP in September, attracted significant interest from both foreign funds and domestic mutual funds. Tata, Bandhan, Union, ITI, and Groww MFs participated in this QIP. Additional stocks that saw mutual fund interest include GMR Power &amp;amp; Urban Infra (Rs 36 crore), Chemtech Industrial Valves (Rs 2.8 crore), and Imagicaaworld Entertainment Ltd (Rs 2.5 crore). On the other hand, mutual funds fully exited their positions in ten stocks, with the largest exit being TCNS Clothing (Rs 512 crore), followed by Jash Engineering (Rs 72 crore) and Pix Transmissions (Rs 62 crore). Other exits included JSW Holdings, Uflex Ltd, Dalmia Bharat Sugar &amp;amp; Industries, Mukund, HMA Agro Industries, Panacea Biotec, and Medicamen Biotech.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Rallis India zooms 14% as all-round performance in Q2 lifts sentiment [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Rallis India skyrocketed 14 percent on October 16 as investors rejoiced the company's well rounded performance in the July-September period. The firm delivered growth on all three key parameters of profit, revenue and profitability in Q2. At 09.33 am, shares of Rallis India were trading at Rs 367.05 on the NSE, inching closer to its record high of Rs 373.20. The strong Q2 earnings show also lifted trading volumes in the counter. About 32 lakh shares already changed hands so far, significantly higher than the one month daily traded average of three lakh shares. The company's net profit for the quarter rose 20 percent on year to Rs 98 crore, up from Rs 82 crore in the year ago period. Revenue also charted a similar trajectory and grew 11.5 percent to Rs 928 crore in Q2 as against Rs 832 in the same quarter last fiscal. Gyanendra Shukla, Managing Director &amp;amp; CEO, Rallis India stated that the growth in Q2 was driven by strong domestic demand with above normal monsoon, better commodity prices and volume recovery in international market even as pricing continued to be muted. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action &quot;Domestic crop care delivered volume led revenue growth of 11 percent with prices impacting overall realisation. Seeds revenue was up by 48 percent due to better kharif liquidation. International business had volume recovery though prices continue to be a challenge,&quot; Shukla further added. Along with strong topline and bottomline growth, EBITDA margin also expanded to 17.9 percent in Q2 from 16 percent in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Brokerages see brighter days ahead for PVR Inox even as firm swings into red with Q2 loss [/INST] The full article is as follows: Multiplex operator PVR Inox swung into the red as it delivered a consolidated net loss of Rs 12 crore for the July-September quarter. Even though the company's bottomline took a sharp turn from the net profit of Rs 166 crore it posted in the year-ago period, brokerages continue to forecast better times for the multiplex operator in the coming quarter. Looking ahead, analysts at Emkay Institutional Equities see a healthy upcoming release pipeline, which provides comfort for strong box office collections for Q3. Following a mixed first half, Nuvama Institutional Equities also expects Q3 to deliver blockbuster results for PVR Inox, driven by a robust movie lineup across various genres, perfectly timed with the festive season. Big-budget releases like Joker: Folie A Deux and Jigra in October, Singham Again and Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3 in November, and Pushpa 2 and Sitare Zameen Par in December are poised for success according to the brokerage. Banking on this, Nuvama anticipates PVR Inox's Q3 FY25's performance to be similar to Q2FY24, its best-ever quarter, driving on record-breaking monthly admissions and box office performance in November and December 2024. Aside from the weak bottomline, PVR Inox's Q2 revenue as well as EBITDA still came above analysts estimates, as highlighted by CLSA. Even though the firm's revenue dropped 19 percent to Rs 1,622 crore in Q2FY25, down from Rs 2,000 crore in Q2FY24, it still fared better than the estimated Rs 1,535.4 crore. Its also worth noting that the decline in revenue was on account of a high base as PVR Inox delivered its best ever performance in the year ago period. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Likewise, its EBITDA margin also shrank to 29.55 percent in Q2 from 35.34 percent in the base quarter. Accordingly, while CLSA cut its FY25-27 revenue and EBITDA estimates for PVR Inox by 4-9 percent, it still forecasts 12-17 percent revenue and EBITDA CAGR for the company. CLSA also maintained its 'outperform' call on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,450. Meanwhile, the company's management also remains optimistic on producers churning out more movies, which should aid occupancies, according to Emkay. On the cost front, the management is taking multiple steps to improve profitability, though most of these should bear fruit over the medium term, the brokerage stated. Emkay also has a 'buy' call on the stock with a price target of Rs 1,850. That said, Nuvama also feels that even beyond a strong movie pipeline, the overall outlook for PVR Inox holds additional positives—ad revenue is on the rebound, re-releases are performing well, and food and beverage (F&amp;amp;B) revenue along with SPH (Spend Per Head) are improving. Additionally, the firm is prioritising net debt reduction, further strengthening its financial position, the brokerage wrote in a note. Nuvama also has a 'buy' call on the stock even as it slashed its price target by 5 percent to Rs 1,935, to factor in the weak Q2 results. At 09.16 am, shares of PVR Inox were trading 0.7 percent lower at Rs 1,609 on the NSE, as profit booking trickled in after the 2 percent gains in the stock in the previous session following its Q2 results. Also Read | Growing the pie: PVR Inox to roll out 8-10 food courts by FY26, first launch lined up for Dec. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold HCL Technologies; target of Rs 1887: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on HCL Technologies HCL Technologies Q2FY25 earnings exceeded our expectations, despite revenue aligning our projections. Revenue stood at INR 288,620 Mn, up 6.2% YoY in CC (+1.6% QoQ CC). This was driven by the IT and Business service segment, which increased 6.2% YoY in CC, coupled with the HCL software segment, which increased 9.4% YoY in CC. We expect Revenue/PAT to grow at a CAGR of 8.7%/12.0% over FY24-FY26E, respectively, and at a CAGR of 8.6%/10.9% over FY24-FY27E. Accordingly, we increase our FY26E EPS to INR 72.6 (previously: INR 72.5) and P/E multiple to 26.0x (previously 23.0x), driven by improving discretionary spending, robust service revenue performance, and strengthening digital capabilities, resulting in a revised Target Price of INR 1,887. However, it is important to note that HCL Tech’s historical Revenue/PAT growth from FY21-FY24, is at 13.4%/12.1%, closely aligning with our forecasts for FY24-26E. Despite this, the stock is currently trading at an all-time high 1-Yr Forward P/E multiple of 29.4x, significantly above the three-year average of 18.1x. Outlook While our estimates align with historical growth rates, the recent rally in HCL Tech's share prices, driven by expectations of improved discretionary spending, has resulted in overstretched valuations, raising concerns regarding the sustainability of these levels. As a result, we downgrade our rating on HCL Tech from &quot;ACCUMULATE&quot; to &quot;HOLD.&quot; For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 16, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange Limited has decided to bring forward by one day the expiry of the October futures contract of crude sunflower oil. The contract will now expire on Oct. 30 instead of earlier announced Oct. 31.This is on account of closure of the physical market of crude sunflower oil at the basis centre Chennai on Oct. 31, the exchange said in a circular. The National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange Ltd. announced the relaunch of unprocessed whole raw yellow peas futures contracts. Futures contracts of yellow peas will be available for trading on the NCDEX from Wednesday, the domestic bourse said in a circular late on Monday. Contracts expiring in the months of November, December, January, and February will be launched the same day. The open interest threshold of the yellow pea futures contract is 120,500 tonnes and the contract symbol is YELLOWP, according to the circular. India's oilmeal exports in September fell 35% on year to 213,744 tonnes, according to data released by The Solvent Extractors' Association of India on Tuesday. Total oilmeal exports in the first half of 2024-25 (Apr-Mar) were also down nearly 9% to 2.08 million tonnes, the data showed. This is mainly due to a reduction in the export of rapeseed meal and castor seed meal, the Association said. Exports of soymeal in September plunged to 59,818 tonnes from 105,535 tonnes a year ago. However, soymeal exports in Apr-Sept rose to 908,800 tonnes from 586,850 tonnes a year ago. This was due to higher imports of soybean meal by Iran, France, and the UAE, the association said. In September, exports of mustard meal fell to 131,265 tonnes from 189,213 tonnes a year ago. Similarly, during Apr-Sept, exports of rapeseed were down at 1.02 million tonnes from 1.34 million tonnes a year ago. Bangladesh, South Korea, and Thailand are the major importers of rapeseed meal. Exports of castor seed meal fell to 22,092 tonnes in September from 35,306 tonnes a year ago, the Association said. Even during Apr-Sept, exports of castor meal were down at 138,560 tonnes from 181,996 tonnes a year ago. During Apr-Sept, India's oilmeal exports to Bangladesh fell 8.6% on year to 398,068 tonnes. Similarly, exports to Vietnam fell 56.5% to 131,606 tonnes, the data showed. Oilmeal exports to South Korea were at 359,204 tonnes, lower than 462,187 tonnes a year ago, the data showed. &quot;Iran has turned out to be the largest importer of soybean meal from India (including shipment via Dubai) and imported 114,475 tonnes of soybean meal,&quot; the SEA said. In the case of rice bran meal, India exported 141 tonnes in September, compared to nil exports last year. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: PNC Infra shares gain 4% on winning projects worth Rs 4,630 crore from MSRDC [/INST] The full article is as follows: PNC Infratech share price rose 4 percent in the early trade on October 16 after the company received Letters of Acceptance from Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) for two EPC road projects. At 09:19am, PNC Infratech was quoting at Rs 467.70, up Rs 21.65, or 4.85 percent, on the BSE. The company received an order for construction of access-controlled Pune Ring Road in Pune District Package PRR E2 from Indori to Chimbali in the State of Maharashtra on Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) mode for a contract value of Rs 2268 crore. The other project is for construction of access controlled expressway connector to Hindu Hrudaysamrat Balasaheb Thackeray Maharashtra Samruddhi Mahamarg from Jalna to Nanded in the State of Maharashtra on EPC Mode (Length:28.895 Km) for the accepted contract amount of Rs 2362 crore. Both the contracts are to be executed in 30 months. Catch all the market action on our live blog The company has incorporated a subsidiary 'PNC AAKSIIYA JOINT VENTURE' a special purpose vehicle on October 14,2024 to execute a new engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) project awarded by City &amp;amp; Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO) of Maharashtra. Last week, company received Letter of Acceptance from CIDCO for the project of Integrated Infrastructure Development of 20M &amp;amp; above wide roads, construction of various major &amp;amp; minor structures (Viz Flyover, Minor Bridges, VUPS, PUPS etc.) and Allied Electrical Works (Street Light) in TPS -8, 9 and TPS-12 under NAINA project. The contract value is Rs 2039.61 crore.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: G R Infraprojects shares rise 3% on project win worth Rs 1,885.6 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: G R Infraprojects share price rose more than 3 percent in the early trade on October 16 after the company received Letter of Acceptance for project worth Rs 1997.07 crore from Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation Limited. At 09:21am, G R Infraprojects was quoting at Rs 1,675.55, up Rs 53.50, or 3.30 percent, on the BSE. The project is for construction of access-controlled Pune Ring Road in Pune district package PRR W5 from village Kalyan/Rathwade to village Shivare/Kusgaon Phase in the State of Maharashtra on EPC Mode. Catch all the market action on our live blog Last week, the company received Letter of Acceptance (LoA) from Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited for Nagpur Metro Rail Project. The project includes design and construction of elevated metro viaduct of length 17.624 km including railway spans of length 79m &amp;amp; 100m and a 6-lane double decker portion with vehicular underpass (VUP) for a total length of 1.14 km in Reach-1A of NMRP Phase-2. The bid project cost is Rs 903.53 crore and to be completed in 30 months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to see a negative start on October 16, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 25,042, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. The market failed to hold onto the opening gains to end on a negative note on October 15 with Nifty finishing below 25,100 dragged by auto, metal and pharma names. At close, the Sensex was down 152.93 points or 0.19 percent at 81,820.12, and the Nifty was down 70.70 points or 0.28 percent at 25,057.30. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Down) The GIFT Nifty is trading lower, indicating a weak start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 25,042 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Fall) Asian markets opened lower Wednesday, with Japan’s Nikkei leading losses, following declines on Wall Street. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix -0.74 -1.33 9.13 Nikkei -1.73 -0.12 11.95 Hang Seng Taiwan -1.73 1.58 22.43 Kospi -0.95 -2.86 -6.18 US Equities (Down) US stocks closed down on Tuesday, following world stocks lower as a weak sales forecast from chipmaker ASML weighed on tech shares, while crude extended its slide due to easing supply worries and weakening demand. The three major U.S. indexes ended the session in negative territory, with the S&amp;amp;P 500 and the Dow easing back from Monday's record closing highs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 324.60 points, or 0.75%, to 42,740.62, the S&amp;amp;P 500 fell 44.54 points, or 0.76%, to 5,815.31 and the Nasdaq Composite fell 187.10 points, or 1.01%, to 18,315.59. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones -0.75 1.25 14.53 S&amp;amp;P500 -0.76 1.20 23.13 Nasdaq -1.01 0.98 23.22 US Bond Yield (Gains) The US 10-year Treasury yield was up 10 bps at 4.03 percent, while US 2-year bond yield was flat at 3.94 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.03 3.61 4.70 US 2-Year Treasury 3.94 3.55 5.09 Dollar Index (Flat) The U.S. dollar was trading flat in the early trade on Wednesday. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.26 100.76 106.24 Asian currencies (Mixed) Asian currencies were trading mixed higher in the early trade on Wednesday with Malaysian Ringgit, South Korean Won and Thai Baht were trading in the green. On year-to-date basis, Malaysian Ringgit gained more than 6 percent and Thai Baht added nearly 3 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah -0.148 -1.20 -1.21 South Korean Won 0.062 -3.31 -5.45 Japanese Yen -0.027 -5.77 -5.46 Philippines Peso -0.010 -3.24 -4.26 Thai Baht 0.021 -0.201 2.78 Taiwan Dollar -0.047 -0.991 -5.02 China Renminbi -0.427 -0.313 -0.274 Malaysian Ringgit 0.053 -0.151 6.64 Singapore Dollar -0.008 -1.08 0.825 Crude (Up) Oil rose in early Asian trade on Wednesday on continued uncertainty over conflict in the Middle East, after falling as much as $5 this week to the lowest levels since early October on demand concerns. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas 0.34 4.06 -1.03 Brent Crude 0.29 3.90 -3.22 Gold (Flat) Gold and Silver prices were trading flat at around USD 2662 and USD 31.49 in the early trade on Wednesday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.04 1.09 29.11 Silver 0.08 1.11 32.48 LME Commodities (Down) Except Lead, all other commodities were trading lower in the early trade on Wednesday with Copper and Nickel down more than 1 percent, and Aluminium shed nearly 1 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -0.91 -1.57 7.82 Copper -1.34 -3.04 11.35 Nickel -1.39 -0.51 4.94 Lead 0.68 -0.81 0.51 Zinc -0.98 -1.23 14.88 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold equities worth Rs 1748 crore on October 15, while domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 1654 crore on the same day. 15th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -1,748.71 -48,451.54 -1,90,987.73 DII Net Flows 1,654.96 93,605.48 3,99,189.19 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Cochin Shipyard, PNC Infratech, Tembo Global, GR Infraprojects, Rallis India in focus on Wednesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today Bajaj Auto, L&amp;amp;T Technology Services, Aditya Birla Money, South Indian Bank, CRISIL, Accelya Solutions India, Aditya Forge, Citizen Infoline, Hi-Tech Winding Systems, Himadri Speciality Chemical, Mphasis, Nutraplus India, Pasari Spinning Mills, Pondy Oxides &amp;amp; Chemicals, Rajnish Wellness, Sai Industries, Saptak Chem and Business, Shah Metacorp, Tips Music, and Vivid Mercantile will announce their quarterly earnings on October 16. Quarterly Earnings KEI Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit increases 10.4% to Rs 154.8 crore Vs Rs 140.2 crore Revenue rises 17.2% to Rs 2,279.6 crore Vs Rs 1,944.9 crore EBITDA grows 9.1% to Rs 220.6 crore Vs Rs 202.2 crore Margin drops to 9.7% Vs 10.4% Company to raise up Rs 2,000 crore via qualified institutions placement (QIP) Rallis India Q2 (YoY) Profit grows 19.5% to Rs 98 crore Vs Rs 82 crore Revenue increases 11.5% to Rs 928 crore Vs Rs 832 crore EBITDA jumps 24.8% to Rs 166 crore Vs Rs 133 crore Margin expands 190 bps to 17.9% Vs 16% Madhya Bharat Agro Products Q2 (YoY) Profit falls 7.3% to Rs 13.84 crore Vs Rs 14.9 crore Revenue declines 0.06% to Rs 278.3 crore Vs Rs 278.5 crore Alok Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Loss at Rs 262.1 crore Vs loss of Rs 174.8 crore Revenue falls 35.5% to Rs 885.7 crore Vs Rs 1,372.3 crore Stocks To Watch Cochin Shipyard The Government of India will be selling a 5% stake in Cochin Shipyard via the offer-for-sale (OFS) route. The floor price has been fixed at Rs 1,540 per share. The OFS includes a base offer size of 2.5% and a green shoe option of 2.5%. The issue will open for non-retail investors on October 16 and for retail investors on October 17. PNC Infratech The company has received Letters of Acceptance from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) for two EPC road projects worth Rs 4,630 crore. The projects involve the construction of an access-controlled Pune ring road from Indori to Chimbali and an access-controlled expressway connector to the Hindu Hrudaysamrat Balasaheb Thackeray Maharashtra Samruddhi Mahamarg from Jalna to Nanded in Maharashtra, on an EPC basis. GR Infraprojects The company has received a Letter of Acceptance from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation for a project worth Rs 1,885.63 crore. The project involves the construction of an access-controlled Pune ring road in the Pune district, package PRR W5, from village Kalyan/Rathwade to village Shivare/Kusgaon in Maharashtra, on an EPC basis. Bhageria Industries The company has received a Letter of Award for a solar power developer (SPD) for solar photovoltaic power generating stations with a total capacity of 32 MW (AC) under Component C of the PM-KUSUM scheme. Its scope of work will include power generation, while the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company will purchase the power generated from the project for 25 years from the scheduled commercial operation date. Capri Global Capital The non-banking financial company has launched its Rooftop Solar Finance product under MSME loans. It has partnered with Credit Fair, a renewable energy fintech, to onboard customers digitally to avail loans and aims to build a separate loan book of Rs 1,000 crore in the coming years. Power Finance Corporation The company has transferred two wholly owned subsidiaries of PFC Consulting—Jamnagar Transmission and Navinal Transmission—to Adani Energy Solutions for Rs 19.3 crore and Rs 19.14 crore, respectively. PFC Consulting is a subsidiary of Power Finance Corporation. Jamnagar Transmission was established for the development of a network expansion scheme in Gujarat for the drawl of about 3.6 GW load under Phase-I in the Jamnagar area, and Navinal Transmission was established for the development of a network expansion scheme in Navinal (Mundra), Gujarat, for the drawal of power in the area. Tembo Global Industries The company has received an order from the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company for a 25-year Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) for solar photovoltaic power generating stations with a capacity of 124 MW (AC) under the Mukhyamantri Saur Krushi Vahini Yojana 2.0. RailTel Corporation of India The company has received a work order from the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority for a project amounting to Rs 79.84 crore. The project involves selecting a service provider (cloud hosting and managed service) to set up, migrate, and manage a data center and disaster recovery site for MHADA on the cloud. HFCL The company has launched two Unlicensed Band Radio (UBR) products, which include (a) a 1 Gbps small form factor 4G/5G backhauling radio offering unprecedented spectral and power efficiency, and (b) an energy-efficient 2 Gbps point-to-multipoint rural connectivity UBR. Oil and Natural Gas Corporation ONGC Petro additions (OPaL) has allotted 559.48 crore equity shares to ONGC via a rights issue. After this allotment, the shareholding of the company has increased from 91.16% to 94.04% for Rs 5,594.8 crore. LTIMindtree The company's subsidiary, LTIMindtree GmbH, and step-down subsidiary, Nielsen + Partner Unternehmensberater GmbH in Germany, have merged, effective October 2. Following the merger, Nielsen + Partner Unternehmensberater GmbH has been deregistered. Central Bank of India The Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed acquisition of 24.91% shareholding in Future Generali India Insurance and 25.18% shareholding in Future Generali India Life Insurance by Central Bank of India. Bulk Deals Garuda Construction and Engineering Societe Generale sold a 0.77% stake in the construction engineering company at an average price of Rs 105 per share. Mastek Foreign portfolio investor Smallcap World Fund Inc sold a 1.7% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 2,801.68 per share, valued at Rs 148.5 crore. However, Aalidhra Textool Engineers bought a 0.65% stake in Mastek at an average price of Rs 2,800.81 per share. Gujarat Toolroom Zeta Global Funds (OEIC) PCC Limited - Zeta Series B Fund PC offloaded a 7.1% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 14.31 per share. Nitco JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Company sold a 0.83% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 95.77 per share. Stock Trades Ex-Date for Split Pondy Oxides &amp;amp; Chemicals Stock Turns Ex-Dividend NRB Bearings Stock Trades Ex-Date for Amalgamation TV18 Broadcast F&amp;amp;O Ban Bandhan Bank, L&amp;amp;T Finance, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Indian Energy Exchange, Manappuram Finance, National Aluminium Company, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL, Tata Chemicals. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade Garden Reach Shipbuilders, Five Star Business, Bikaji Foods, Jubilant Pharmova, FDC and others on Wednesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices saw some profit-taking after a day of small rally, with the Nifty 50 ending with a loss of one-third of a percent on October 15. The breadth was negative, with 1,312 shares declining against 1,192 shares advancing on the NSE. The index is likely to remain rangebound until it decisively surpasses short-term moving averages. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Ashish Kyal, CMT, Founder and CEO of Waves Strategy Advisors Jubilant Pharmova | CMP: Rs 1,222 On the daily chart, Jubilant Pharmova gained more than 6 percent in one trading day, reflecting increasing buying pressure. In the previous week, prices found support at the Supertrend indicator at the Rs 1,045 level and bounced upward. Currently, prices are trading near their previous swing high levels at Rs 1,247. A decisive close above this level can trigger positive momentum. Additionally, the ADX (Average Directional Index) is trading at 27, supporting the overall positive momentum. In summary, the current trend for Jubilant Pharmova is positive. A break above the Rs 1,250 level could lift prices higher towards Rs 1,310, followed by Rs 1,360, as long as Rs 1,190 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,310, Rs 1,360 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,190 FDC | CMP: Rs 564.9 In the previous session, FDC showed a sharp rise, surging 5.76 percent. The stock has not closed below its previous day’s low since October 8, indicating strength in the ongoing trend. In the previous session, prices closed above the mid bands, suggesting that the rise may continue towards the upper end of the Bollinger Bands. The RSI (Relative Strength Index) is trading at 57, providing the space for further upward movement. In summary, the current trend for FDC is bullish. Use dips towards Rs 550-555 as a buying opportunity, targeting Rs 585, followed by Rs 615, as long as Rs 540 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 585, Rs 615 Stop-Loss: Rs 540 SIL Investments | CMP: Rs 656.75 SIL Investments experienced a sharp rally of 11.64 percent in the previous session. The stock has been moving in a rectangular range over the last few days, indicating accumulation. The price closed above Rs 630, confirming a breakout of this pattern. On the daily chart, the MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) is above 0, and the MACD line crossed above the MACD signal line, indicating increased bullish momentum that may continue in the coming sessions. In summary, the current trend for SIL Investments is positive. Use dips towards Rs 640-650 as a buying opportunity for a move towards Rs 700-710, as long as Rs 620 holds on the downside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 700, Rs 710 Stop-Loss: Rs 620 Om Mehra, Technical Analyst at Samco Securities Prestige Estates Projects | CMP: Rs 1,902.4 Prestige Estates Projects has shown strong momentum, closing above the previous resistance of Rs 1,900. The stock is trading above both the 20 and 50 DMAs (Daily Moving Averages), reflecting sustained bullish momentum. The weekly trend also remains positive. A breakout above Rs 1,920 could extend the rally further. Additionally, the stock is holding above the 61.8 percent Fibonacci retracement level, which adds to the bullish outlook. Based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,130 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,810 Bikaji Foods International | CMP: Rs 882.35 Bikaji Foods International continues to maintain its bullish trend, characterized by a series of higher highs and higher lows. After a healthy correction, the stock has regained upward momentum and is now holding above its 20 DMA. The daily RSI has also rebounded from lower levels and is now hovering near the 50 mark. Additionally, the formation of a double-bottom pattern further strengthens the bullish outlook. Based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 990 Stop-Loss: Rs 840 Deepak Nitrite | CMP: Rs 2,932.6 After decent consolidation, Deepak Nitrite is on the verge of a breakout from a bullish flag pattern on the daily chart. The daily RSI stands at 57, indicating healthy momentum. Deepak Nitrite is trading above the 20-day moving average, suggesting a sustained uptrend. Moreover, the elevated delivery volumes in the past two sessions highlight increased investor interest and possible accumulation at current levels, strengthening a positive outlook. Based on the above technical structure, one can initiate a long position at CMP. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,230 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,810 Riyank Arora, Technical Analyst at Mehta Equities Five-Star Business Finance | CMP: Rs 895 Five-Star Business Finance has given a strong breakout above its all-time high resistance mark of Rs 876.55 and has managed to hold well above this level. With the overall trend being positive and the RSI (14) on the daily timeframe being around 73.61, showing a good uptick from lower levels, the momentum looks strong. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,000 and above Stop-Loss: Rs 870 Gandhar Oil Refinery (India) | CMP: Rs 243.85 Gandhar Oil Refinery has given a good breakout above its recent swing high resistance mark of Rs 239 and is managing to hold well above this level. With the RSI (14) witnessing a good uptick from lower levels and trading at around 73.32, the momentum appears strong, and the stock seems poised for potential upside targets of Rs 262.50 and above. A strict stop-loss should be maintained at the Rs 235 mark to manage risk effectively. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 262.50 Stop-Loss: Rs 235 Power Mech Projects | CMP: Rs 3,298.4 Power Mech Projects has given a strong breakout above its trendline resistance mark of Rs 3,270 and is trading well above this level. With volumes surging and the RSI (14) showing strong signs of momentum and a bullish uptick from lower levels, the stock seems poised for upside towards Rs 3,650 and above. A strict stop-loss should be placed at the Rs 3,225 mark to manage risk effectively on the trade. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,650 Stop-Loss: Rs 3,225 Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp;amp; Engineers | CMP: Rs 1,773.85 Garden Reach Shipbuilders witnessed a strong breakout above its trendline resistance mark of Rs 1,725 and successfully closed well above this level. With volumes spiking and the outlook being strongly positive for shipbuilding companies, we expect the stock to surge towards potential targets of Rs 2,000 and above. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,000 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,680. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 15 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sensex and Nifty remained in the red during the last hour of trade on October 15, dragged down by oil &amp;amp; gas, automobile, and metal stocks. Investor sentiment took a hit after the release of a hotter-than-expected inflation report on October 14 dampened hopes of a rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India in December. Angel One | CMP: Rs 3,210 | Shares of Angel One zoomed around 8 percent as investors cheered the discount broker's strong set of earnings for the quarter ended September 2024. The company's net profit surged 39 percent on-year to Rs 423 crore and revenue went up by 45 percent YoY to Rs 1,515 crore during this period. Ramkrishna Forgings | CMP: Rs 1,048 | International brokerage UBS initiated coverage on small-cap Ramkrishna Forgings, seeing a bullish outlook on the company and a 46% upside. RK Forgings has a low single digit share in the global market, which indicates the company can a long runway for growth, said UBS. Sunteck Realty | CMP: Rs 596.8 |Shares of Sunteck Realty surged more than 7 percent after the real estate major posted a healthy Q2FY25 performance, clocking Rs 520 crore in pre-sales, up 33 percent on-year as demand momentum continued in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) market. SpiceJet | CMP: Rs 66.4 | Shares of troubled low-budget carrier SpiceJet gained as much as 3 percent after the company informed that it has reached a settlement with two more lessors for an aggregated sum of $5 million. The DGCA also removed SpiceJet from enhanced surveillance. JSW Infrastructure | CMP: Rs 323.3 | JSW Infrastructure., the newly listed entity of the Sajjan Jindal-led JSW Group, are trading with gains of as much as 3%. Brokerage firm Nuvama Institutional Equities has initiated coverage on the stock with a 'Buy' recommendation and a price target of Rs 390 per share, indicating a 22 percent upside. Wipro | CMP: Rs 532.7| Shares of Wipro fell on profit booking, as investors offloaded their holdings. Additionally, Wipro is expected to report its second quarter earnings on October 17. The IT player is likely to clock a sequential revenue growth of around 1.2 percent, gaining from new deal ramp-ups, brokerages said in their pre-earnings note . However, some estimate that Wipro’s revenue might fall 3% on a YoY basis. DB Corp | CMP: Rs 315.5 | DB Corp reported a 17.6 percent year-on-year increase in net profit, reaching Rs 82.6 crore, while revenue rose 4.6 percent to Rs 559 crore for the quarter ended September. Despite this, shares fell almost 7 percent. HDFC Life | CMP: Rs 714.1 | HDFC Life Q2 FY25 net profit jumped 15 percent year-on-year to Rs 433 crore, beating Street expectations, led by healthy premium collections and investment income. The net premium income during the July-September 2024 period increased 12% year-on-year. However, the Street was disappointed in the results, causing the stock to tumble almost 4 percent. Oil India | CMP: Rs 557.7| The 4 percent fall in crude prices will have a negative bearing on oil drilling stocks like Oil India as it squeezes their profit margins. This is because the price of refined products may not drop as quickly or proportionately and hence, refineries holding inventories bought at higher prices may face inventory losses as the value of their stock decreases. IEX | CMP: Rs 191.9 | Shares of Indian Energy Exchange extended losses from the previous session, falling as much as 3% after fears of market coupling, which has been a major overhang on the stock, resurfaced yet again. The Power Secretary Pankaj Agarwal said that the work on the power coupling mechanism is under progress and that the government remains committed to the same.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2300: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on HCL Technologies HCL Technologies (HCLT) reported a muscular 2QFY25, with revenue of USD3.4b, up 1.6% QoQ (~2.5% organic) and 6.2% YoY in constant currency (CC), above our estimate of flat revenue growth. EBIT margins came in at 18.6%, beating our estimate of 17.4%. New deal TCV stood at USD 2.2b (up 13% QoQ) in 2QFY25. For FY25, HCLT revised the lower end of its growth guidance to 3.5%-5% YoY in CC from 3%-5% earlier. For 1HFY25, revenue/EBIT/PAT grew 7.5%/8.1%/15.3% compared to 1HFY24. Outlook We expect HCLT to deliver a CAGR of 8.4%/11.5% in USD revenue/INR PAT over FY25-27E. We raise our EPS estimates by 2.4%/2.7%/3.4% for FY25/FY26/FY27 as we factor in the 2Q performance and a recovery in discretionary spending in 2HFY25/FY26E. Reiterate BUY with a TP of INR2,300 (based on 30x Sep’26E EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Dabur India; target of Rs 700: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Dabur India Dabur India (DABUR), in its 2QFY25 preview update, highlighted the impact of heavy rains and floods in parts of the country on out-of-home consumption, particularly for beverages. Besides, the company experienced higher growth in MT, E-commerce, and Quick Commerce during the last few quarters, resulting in high inventory levels for its GT channel. This affected the distributor ROI, and the company made the strategic decision to correct distributor inventory in the GT channel. This led to a temporary decline in revenue in 2QFY25 (which appears to be a high single-digit revenue decline for the India business). However, on the demand front, the commentary was positive across FMCG companies with a promising outlook for 2HFY25. Our checks suggest that high inventory issues in GT are not limited to DABUR but are also experienced by many brands/categories following the success in alternate channels (especially quick commerce). As such, if volume growth in the industry picks up in 2HFY25, we expect that DABUR will also experience accelerated growth. Outlook The company has already indicated that primary growth will return to normal from October. With external drivers remaining consistent, we view the recent stock price correction as an opportunity to be constructive on the stock. DABUR is at 16%, 14%, 9%, and 19% discount to HUL, Britannia, Marico, and Colgate, respectively, on FY26E P/E. Once the company’s growth trajectory improves, we expect a re-rating potential in the stock. We reiterate a BUY rating on the stock with a TP of INR700 (at 50x P/E on Sep’26). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: BEML stock edges up as PSU bags order worth Rs 867 crore from Integral Coach Factory [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Shares of Bharat Earth Movers Ltd (BEML) edged higher after the state-run company bagged a major contract worth Rs 867 crore from the Integral Coach Factory for design, manufacturing and commissioning of two high-speed trainsets, each comprising 8 cars. The price of each car is Rs 27.86 crore and the total contract value of Rs 866.87 crore which includes design cost, one-time development cost, non-recurring charges, one-time cost towards Jigs, fixtures, tooling and testing facilities, which will be utilised for all future High-Speed projects in India. &quot;This project marks a significant milestone in India's high-speed rail journey and will see the first indigenously designed and manufactured trainsets with a test speed of 280 kmph,&quot; said BEML in a regulatory filing. The trainsets will be built at BEML's Bengaluru rail coach complex and are scheduled for delivery by the end of 2026. Featuring a fully air-conditioned, Chair Car configuration, the trains will offer modern passenger amenities such as reclining and rotatable seats, special provisions for passengers with restricted mobility, and onboard infotainment systems. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action &quot;This contract further strengthens BEML's position as a leader in rolling stock manufacturing and reaffirms its commitment to India's vision of a faster, more efficient rail network,&quot; BEML added. BEML, a ‘Schedule A’ company under the Ministry of Defence, plays a key role in supporting India's critical sectors such as defence, railways, power, mining, and construction. It operates through three main divisions: Defence &amp;amp; Aerospace, Mining &amp;amp; Construction, and Rail &amp;amp; Metro. With advanced manufacturing facilities spread across Bangalore, Kolar Gold Fields (KGF), Mysore, and Palakkad, the company also boasts a robust R&amp;amp;D infrastructure and a widespread sales and service network across the country. At 12:31 pm, BEML shares were trading marginally higher at Rs 3,739.30 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has risen around 31 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the 12 months gone by, the counter has risen around 54 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2120: Sharekhan [/INST] The full article is as follows: Sharekhan's research report on HCL Technologies HCL Tech reported revenue of $3,445 million, up 1.6% q-o-q/6.2 % y-o-y in CC terms, beating our estimates of 0.6% q-o-q growth in CC. EBIT margin expanded by 150 bps q-o-q to 18.6%, beating estimates of 17.9%, aided by strong operational execution. New deal wins TCVs stood at $ 2,218 million, up 13% q-o-q/down 44%, in line with expectations. Management has raised the upper end of its revenue growth guidance to 3.5-5% from 3-5% on CC terms while maintaining EBIT margin at 18-19% for FY25. The ask rate to achieve guidance is 0-2% CQGR over Q3-Q4. Outlook We maintain BUY with a revised PT of Rs. 2,120 (valued at 28x Sep26E EPS). At CMP the stock trades at 28.9/26/23.1x its FY25/26/27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy HCL Technologies; target of Rs 2130: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on HCL Technologies HCLT reported overall strong results in Q2 with revenue, EBIT &amp;amp; PAT coming ahead of our &amp;amp; consensus estimates. Revenue came at US$3.44 bn, up 1.6% QoQ CC (PLe 1.1% QoQ CC &amp;amp; consensus est. 0.6% QoQ CC). IT Services, ER&amp;amp;D &amp;amp; Software business grew by 1.8%, 1.1% &amp;amp; 1.4% QoQ CC respectively. In IT Services, the growth was broad based across geographies &amp;amp; verticals (FS grew excluding the JV divesture) with a healthy mix of cost optimization, transformation &amp;amp; discretionary spends. EBIT margin in Q2 increased by 150 bps (PLe of 80 bps &amp;amp; consensus est. of 90 bps) to 18.6% due to lower marketing spends &amp;amp; strong software business. The deal TCV was also steady at US$ 2.2 bn vs US$ 1.96 bn in Q1 with healthy pipeline. After a Q1 trough, the recovery in Q2 was broad-based across verticals despite the revenue loss through JV divestment, which impacted FS vertical growth (flat QoQ). Outlook Given its defensive business mix and resilient vertical portfolio, HCLT is well positioned to capture the boarder market theme and participate in the critical aspects of enterprise operations. We are baking in USD revenue/Earnings CAGR of 9.3%/12.8% between FY24-27E. The stock is currently trading at 25x/22x FY26E/FY27E. We maintain “BUY” on HCL Tech assigning PE of 25x to FY27E with a target price of Rs. 2,130. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Tata Elxsi; target of Rs 7359: KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey's research report on Tata Elxsi Tata Elxsi earnings surpassed expectations, with revenue aligning with our estimates. TELX Q2FY25 revenue stood at INR 9,551 Mn, up 8.3% YoY (+3.1% QoQ), which is largely in line with our projections. The growth was primarily propelled by the Transportation vertical, which remains a key performance driver, while the Media and Healthcare verticals continue to exhibit signs of weakness with the Healthcare segment facing the steepest revenue decline. EBIT reached INR 2,393 Mn, a slight increase of 0.3% YoY (+6.2% QoQ), falling short of our estimates (-2.2%); EBIT margins contracted by 200 bps YoY mainly due to a wage hike and elevated other expenses. We increase our FY26E EPS to INR 167.2, reflecting recent deal wins that are expected to ramp up in FY26E and enhance growth in FY26E. We reaffirm our P/E multiple at 44.0x and revise our target price to INR 7,359 on account of revised FY26E estimates . However, we believe TELX’s target of double-digit revenue growth CC for FY25E is a tall ask to ach. Moreover, we believe current valuations are too stretched, raising concerns about sustainability. Consequently, we downgrade our rating to “REDUCE” from “HOLD”. Outlook we increase our FY26E EPS to INR 167.2 (previously: INR 162.5) while retaining the P/E Multiple of 44.0x. Accordingly, on increased FY26E EPS, the target price stands revised to INR 7,359. However, TELX’s ambition of posting double-digit growth in CC for FY25E could be a big task to live up to, and more so, the current valuation seems too stretched, raising concerns regarding the sustainability of these elevated levels. Consequently, we downgrade our rating on shares of Tata Elxsi to “REDUCE” from “HOLD.” For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Second largest auto OEM in India: Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) holds 14.6% market share in the domestic passenger vehicle (PV) market in Q1FY25, second to Maruti Suzuki which has 41% share in this category. However Hyundai is the market leader by volume in the mid-size SUV segment with ~38% share as on June’24. It is also India’s second largest exporter of PV from April’21 through June’24. Valuation and Outlook We recommend ‘Subscribe for long term’. At the upper price band of ₹1960, the issue is priced at 26.3x FY24 P/E and looks reasonably priced compared to Maruti which is trading at 29.8x. We expect HMIL to be a key beneficiary of growth in PV segment due to its strong presence in the SUV segment. It is also planning a slew of launches in the EV space. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Tata Consultancy Services; target of Rs 4432: Anand Rathi [/INST] The full article is as follows: Anand Rathi's research report on Tata Consultancy Services Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS) recorded revenue of Rs. 64,259 Crore, a growth of 7.6% YoY. The company recorded constant currency revenue growth of 5.5% in Q2 FY25. The EBIDTA and PAT for the current quarter was Rs. 16,731 Crores and Rs. 11,955 Crores respectively as compared Rs. 15,746 Crores and Rs. 11,380 Crores in the same quarter previous year an increase of 6.2% and 5.0% YoY basis, respectively. EBIDTAM and PATM in current quarter are 26.0% and 18.6% slightly down from 26.3% and 19.3% in same quarter last year. All the Growth Markets march above company average growth wherein major contribution was from India (+95.2%) which doubled to 8.9% from 4.9% in same quarter last year, Middle East &amp;amp; Africa (+7.9%), Asia Pacific (+7.5%), Latin America (+6.8%). In the Americas, North America saw a decline of 2.1%, while Latin America grew by 6.8% in Q2 FY25, based on year-over-year constant currency growth. Vertical-wise Revenue Break-up: Energy, Manufacturing and Life Science &amp;amp; Healthcare grew by 7.0%, 5.3% and 0.1% respectively. However, Communication &amp;amp; Media, and Tech grew by (10.3%) and (1.9%) YoY-CC, respectively. Notably, BFSI vertical witnessed sequential improvement of 0.1%. The company's workforce strength in Q2 FY25 is 612,724, with a net headcount addition of 5,726 in the second quarter. They maintain a diverse and inclusive workplace, with 35.5% women in the workforce and representation from 150 different nationalities. The attrition rate stands slightly up 20bps at 12.3%. The company’s deal pipeline remains near an all time high, new deal TCV (Total Contract Value) wins stood at US$8.6bn, in line with the guided range of US$7-9bn. Notably, the deal pipeline remains strong. The management remains optimistic on Cloud, cyber security, vendor consolidation, GenAI and outsourcing opportunities from long-term perspectives, which was supported by strong TCV pipeline. Outlook The company reported muted Q2 numbers except slight momentum in BFSI segment and steady deal intake. Though management is optimistic and see recovery in Q4 led by gradual easing of inflation and interest rates, and a good holiday season. Therefore we recommend HOLD rating on the stock with an unchanged target price of ₹4,432 per share. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gopal Snacks stock slumps 3% despite positive Q2 results; Emkay remains bullish [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Gopal Snacks tumbled more than 3 percent in trade on October 15 despite the company reporting positive earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (Q2FY25). The company's net profit rose 7 percent on-year to Rs 28.89 crore as against Rs 27 crore during the year-ago quarter. Its topline rose 12 percent YoY to Rs 398.86 crore during the quarter under review. Gopal Snacks' Q2 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) stood at Rs 46.7 crore, compared to 45.5 crore in the same quarter a year ago. Meanwhile, the EBITDA margin came in at 11.73 percent as against 12.8 percent in the year-ago period. The company's board has announced a first interim dividend of Re 1 per share, representing 100 percent of the face value of Re 1 each for FY25. The interim dividend will be disbursed on or before November 12, 2024, according to the company’s filing. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Earlier this week, Emkay initiated coverage on the stock with a 'buy' rating and a price target of Rs 600 per share. The company valuations have been stressed since listing, due to slower revenue growth and weak profit margins, impacted by inflation. However, with an attentive management team in place, Gopal has been addressing loose ends and gradually accelerating growth, the brokerage said. Analysts at Emkay expect Gopal Snacks to see revenue CAGR of 15 percent and earnings CAGR of 29 percent over FY24-27. Given Gopal’s strong financial ratios, they expect the company's business growth to resume, driving a potential valuation re-rating. The brokerage said that Gopal Snacks is well-placed to leverage the formalisation opportunity in the savoury snacks industry, which is poised for double-digit growth. &quot;Leveraging its strong ahead-of-time backend capability, with utilisation at 35-40 percent and fleet of own logistics vehicles, Gopal is looking at a pan-India march,&quot; it added. Also Read | Adani Ports, Adani Energy Solutions, Adani Green Energy cut promoter pledges; Adani Enterprises, Adani Power see rise At 11:16 am, Gopal Snacks shares were trading 3 percent lower at Rs 424.20 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has risen around 17 percent, slightly outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Asit C Mehta [/INST] The full article is as follows: Asit C Mehta, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motor India (HMI), the Indian subsidiary of the Hyundai Motor Company (HMC), is the second largest PV OEM in India since FY09. In FY24, HMI had a domestic PV market share of 14.6%. It is also the second largest exporter of PVs, with a volume share of 24.3% in the total PV exports from India in FY24. It offers 13 PV models currently, spanning across price points and powertrains. Valuation and Outlook We recommend to ‘Subscribe’ as we are positive on the long term growth and performance prospects of Hyundai Motor India. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motor India Ltd. (HMIL), established in 1996, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hyundai Motor Company (HMC) and the second largest automobile manufacturer in Indian passenger vehicles (~15% market share FY24). HMIL manufactures and sells four-wheeler passenger vehicles. HMIL’s portfolio includes 13 models across various segments along with EVs (electric vehicles) and sold nearly 12 million passenger vehicles both domestically and through exports. HMIL has 3 manufacturing facilities across India, 2 in Chennai and 1 in Talegaon, with a capacity utilisation of 97% in FY24. India’s domestic PV (passenger vehicles) sales volume rose at 5% CAGR (FY19-24) to reach 4.2 million vehicles in FY24 and is expected to clock 4.5-6.5% CAGR over FY24- 29E to reach 5.2-5.7 million domestic vehicle sales. (source: CRISIL MI&amp;amp;A) PV exports from India grew at 1.4% in FY24 (hindered by global economic slowdown) and are expected to grow at a CAGR of 7-9% between FY24-FY29, backed by economic stability &amp;amp; growth, increased push from OEMs and India’s trade agreements. In CY23, HMIL was among the top 3 contributors to HMC’s (promoter company) global sales volumes, and their contribution to HMC’s sales volumes increased from 15.48% in CY18 to 18.19% in CY23. HMIL has reported consistent growth in both top-line and bottom-line. Revenue grew at a CAGR of 21% to Rs. 69,829cr (in FY24) and PAT grew at a CAGR of ~45% to Rs.6,060cr over FY22-24, led by better sales volume and operating efficiency. EBITDA grew at a CAGR of 29% while EBITDA margins were steady in the range of 12- 13% over FY22-24, led by localisation, favourable mix and economies of scale. Valuation and Outlook At the upper price band of ₹1,960, HMIL is available at a premium valuation of 26.7x P/ E ratio based on FY25E post issue annualised EPS. We assign a “Subscribe” rating to the issue for the long-term investment, given its strong parentage with HMC, healthy financial profile, sustained earnings, increased product mix in the SUV segment and enhanced focus towards Electric Vehicle space. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce HCL Technologies; target of Rs 1710: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on HCL Technologies HCLT has reported a beat vs our and consensus estimates on both revenue and margin fronts in Q2FY25. Discretionary spends picked up in BFSI and technology services. Management commentary was upbeat on near-term demand with a qualification that macro and geopolitical uncertainties could still impact discretionary spends negatively. Upward revision of 50bps in revenue guidance at the lower end is not in line with beat in Q2, underscoring cautious outlook. Strong show in Q2 and near-term upbeat commentary lead to 3.6% increase in FY25E EPS; however, FY26-27E EPS increase is limited to 1-2%. Outlook We value HCLT on SoTP basis – services (IT and ER&amp;amp;D) at 25x (earlier 22x) and products at 20x (earlier 18x) on FY26E EPS to arrive at our TP of INR 1,710. Retain REDUCE on full valuations; stock has run up ~47% in last one year. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: JSW Infra shares rise 3% as Nuvama initiates with 'buy' on strong prospects [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of JSW Infrastructure were off to a positive start on the bourses on October 15, rising 3 percent to Rs 329 after Nuvama Institutional Equities initiated coverage with a 'buy' call, emphasising bullishness citing multiple levers for growth. With a price target of Rs 390, the domestic brokerage forecasts an upside potential of 22 percent from the previous close of Rs 319 on the NSE. JSW Infra shares have rallied 53 percent since the start of the year. Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest market updates Nuvama says that JSW Infra as the second-largest private port operator in a steadily growing industry, stands to benefit from strong parentage and is expected to maintain robust growth in third-party cargo. Additionally, JSW Infrastructure is evolving from a port operator into a full-fledged logistics utility company, with its strong financial performance likely to continue. &quot;We believe this opens up a vast opportunity in an extremely fragmented market and can potentially add 5–10 percent to its revenue or EBITDA over the long term. JSW Infra has significant muscle to ride this opportunity given its strong balance sheet and high promoter shareholding,&quot; Nuvama said in a report dated October 14. JSW Infrastructure (JSWIL) derives business from group customers, with future growth in JSW group companies expected to boost its volumes. JSW Steel targets a production capacity of 50 million tonnes by FY31, while JSW Energy aims for 10GW by FY25 and 20GW by FY30, up from 7.2GW in FY24. JSW Infra has 10-15-year contracts with JSW Group companies for cargo handling, some with take-or-pay provisions, ensuring long-term cargo and revenue visibility. At about 9:30 am, shares of the company were trading at Rs 325, higher by 2 percent from the last close on the NSE.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Sunteck Realty stock jumps 7% on robust Q2 business update, Rs 520 cr in pre-sales [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Sunteck Realty surged more than 7 percent on October 15 after the real estate major posted a healthy Q2FY25 performance, clocking Rs 520 crore in pre-sales, up 33 percent on-year as demand momentum continued in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) market. The company's collections during the quarter surged 25 percent YoY to Rs 270 crore. Since the onset of the pandemic, Sunteck Realty has added seven projects (Vasai, Vasind, Borivali, Kalyan, Pen-Khopoli, Mira Road and Dubai) aggregating ~26.5msf, leveraging the asset-light model. According to analysts at Nuvama, launches are critical to boosting the sales momentum, going ahead. The company’s launches in FY24 have seen healthy traction. &quot;We reckon the upcoming phase launch in Sunteck World, Naigaon, a new tower in Sunteck Sky Park Mira Road, a new phase in ODC, 5th Avenue and one or two new towers each in Sunteck Beach Residencies, Vasai and Sunteck Crescent Park, Kalyan with a cumulative GDV of Rs 5,000 crore shall boost the sales trajectory,&quot; the brokerage said. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Analysts at Nuvama believe that Sunteck's focus on cash flow management would help keep its balance sheet healthy. &quot;SRL’s focus on cash flow and a low gearing should hold it in good stead. We anticipate a higher sales trajectory for SRL with the housing cycle turning, sustained expansion of project portfolio, and release of inventory in existing projects,&quot; they said. For SRL, investor focus has shifted towards launches from project additions, said Nuvama as it maintained a 'buy rating on the stock with a revised target price of Rs 702 from Rs 690 earlier. At 9:45 am, Sunteck Realty shares were trading 7.5 percent higher at Rs 596.15 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). So far this year, the stock has rallied 33 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 26 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Agri Picks Report October 15, 2024: Geojit Financial Services [/INST] The full article is as follows: Geojit Financial Services's report on Daily Agri Picks The India Meteorological Department Monday said that the Northeast Monsoon is likely to begin over southeastern peninsular India around Tuesday and Wednesday. The weather bureau also said the Southwest Monsoon is likely to withdraw from the remaining parts of the country in two days. Meanwhile, the Southwest Monsoon has withdrawn from the entire Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, and most parts of the northern Bay of Bengal. Currently, conditions are favourable for further withdrawal of the monsoon from the remaining parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, and Maharashtra over the next two days. The Southwest Monsoon started to withdraw from parts of Rajasthan and Gujarat on Sept. 23, against the normal date of Sept. 17. • The Multi Commodity Exchange of India has announced the launch of trading in futures contracts in cotton seed wash oil from Tuesday. Initially, the contracts for November, December and January will be available for trading, MCX said in a circular Friday. These contracts will be cash settled, it said. The trading unit in the futures contracts for cotton seed wash oil will be five tonnes, with quotations in rupees per 10 kg and a maximum order size of 400 tonnes, the circular said. The maximum open position is allowed at 12,000 tonnes for individual clients. For members, the limit is 120,000 tonnes collectively for all clients, or 15% of the market-wide open position, whichever is higher, the exchange said. The delivery centre will be Kadi in Gujarat. The National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange had started trading in cotton wash oil futures contracts on Sept. 2. For all commodities report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: HDFC Bank stock gets Jefferies' buy rating on strong deposit growth, LDR improvement plans [/INST] The full article is as follows: HDFC Bank shares are in focus as Jefferies has issued a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,890 per share. The lender is aiming to lower its loan-to-deposit (LDR) ratio to 85-90 percent over the next three years, which, according to the brokerage, can be achieved through a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15 percent in deposits and a slower loan CAGR of 11 percent. A loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR) is a percentage that compares a bank's total loans to its total deposits. It is used to assess a bank's liquidity, funding strategy, and riskiness. Jefferies also stated that a branch expansion strategy is expected to help HDFC Bank increase its market share in deposits, though its loan growth will likely remain at or below the sector average. HDFC Bank's loan growth is projected to stay at or below the sector average. However, the bank has scope to reduce its funding costs, which could boost its net interest margin (NIM), said Jefferies. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Importantly, compliance with priority sector lending requirements is not expected to significantly impact profits, the brokerage noted. Jefferies has trimmed its estimates for HDFC Bank by 4-6 percent to factor in slower loan growth. However, the bank’s careful management of unsecured loans is expected to help control credit costs, ensuring that profitability remains relatively stable, it said. HDFC Bank is slated to report its Q2 FY25 earnings on October 19. Earlier this month, the lender shared its Q2 business update, revealing that its deposit growth had outpaced its loan growth. It is worth noting that following its merger with HDFC in July last year, HDFC Bank inherited a higher volume of loans compared to deposits, pushing its loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR) up to 110 percent. To address this liquidity challenge, the bank shifted its focus towards accelerating deposit growth over loan disbursements. HDFC Bank stock ended 2.3 percent higher at Rs 1,689 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. So far this year, the stock has slipped half a percent, underperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen around 10 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Angel One stock surges 8% on robust net profit, revenue growth in Q2 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Angel One zoomed around 8 percent on October 15 as investors cheered the discount broker's strong set of earnings for the quarter ended September 2024 (Q2 FY25). The company's net profit surged 39.1 percent on-year to Rs 423.4 crore and revenue went up by 44.5 percent YoY to Rs 1,514.7 crore during this period. The profit and revenue growth came at a time when trading activity has witnessed strong growth. Angel One competes with Zerodha, Groww and Upstox, and its share in total demat accounts rose to 15.7 percent in the Jul-Sep quarter as against 13.2 percent a year ago. Operationally, Angel One's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 51.5 percent YoY to Rs 671.9 crore, while EBITDA margin expanded by 210 basis points to 44.4 percent from 42.3 percent last year. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action Its total client base increased by 61 percent YoY to 27.5 million as of September 30. Angel One's gross client acquisition for the quarter jumped by 41 percent YoY to 3 million. The broker's share in India's demat accounts increased by 251 basis points from last year. Meanwhile, the number of orders placed on Angel One's platform during the quarter increased by 44.5 percent YoY to 489 million. &quot;With a 19.3 percent share in the overall retail equity turnover, we continue to report an improvement in market share across all segments,&quot; said Angel One's CMD Dinesh Thakkar. Also Read | Angel One delivers a 44% on year revenue growth at Rs 1514.7 crore, net rises to Rs 423 crore Angel One's expenses rose during the quarter under review. The broking firm cited employee and stock options costs &quot;on account of onboarding of talent in wealth, tech, product and data analytics,&quot; as the reason for higher expenses. Angel One shares ended a percent higher at Rs 2,729.95 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in the previous session. The stock has fallen around 24 percent so far this year, massively underperforming Nifty's returns of 15 percent. In the last one year, however, the counter has risen around 31 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 27 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: JSW Infrastructure shares gain 2% on LoI from Maharashtra Maritime Board [/INST] The full article is as follows: JSW Infrastructure share price jumped 2 percent in the opening trade on October 15 after the company received a Letter of Intent (LOI) from Maharashtra Maritime Board to develop all weather &amp;amp; multipurpose port in Palghar, Maharashtra. At 09:26am, JSW Infrastructure was quoting at Rs 325.55, up Rs 6.50, or 2.04 percent, on the NSE. The company has received a Letter of Intent from Maharashtra Maritime Board for development, operation, management and maintenance of an all-weather and multipurpose port at village Murbe in Palghar district of Maharashtra on public private partnership (PPP) basis – design, built, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) model. The LOI is valid for 24 months, s, with a further extension clause, which is subject to fulfillment of the terms and condition stipulated therein. The royalty payable is based on per metric ton which will be escalated in the block period of 5 years. Catch all the market action on our live blog Last week, company's subsidiary JSW Port Logistics, has completed the acquisition of a 70.37% stake in Navkar Corporation from its promoters. The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 360.95 and a 52-week low of Rs 162.05 on 04 July, 2024 and 26 October, 2023, respectively. Currently, the stock is trading 9.81 percent below its 52-week high and 100.89 percent above its 52-week low.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: J Kumar Infra share price gains on order win worth Rs 297.8 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: J Kumar Infraprojects share price gained in the early trade on October 15 after the company bagged a work order worth Rs 297.8 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation. At 09:23am, J Kumar Infraprojects was quoting at Rs 748.00, up Rs 9.50, or 1.29 percent, on the Bombay Stock Exchnage. The project is for development of Mula river from Wakad bypass to Sangvi bridge (stretch 1,2,3) and to be completed in 36 months. Catch all the market action on our live blog Earlier in this month, company received a Letter of Acceptance for the project of design and construction of elevated road in Thane city from Anand Nagar to Saket on eastern express Highway from M/s. Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) for the total contract cost amounting to Rs 1,847.72 crore. The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 935.50 and a 52-week low of Rs 394.05 on 03 July, 2024 and 26 October, 2023, respectively. Currently, the stock is trading 20.04 percent below its 52-week high and 89.82 percent above its 52-week low. The share price rose more than 60 percent in last one-year.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s trade [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty 50 are likely to open higher on October 15, tracking cues from GIFT Nifty trading around 25,233.50, a short while ago this morning. Track the latest updates on GIFT Nifty right here on Moneycontrol. After a couple of rangebound sessions, the bulls took charge of Dalal Street on October 14 and took Nifty to cross 25,150, intraday, amid buying seen across the sectors, barring metal and media. At close, the Sensex was up 591.69 points or 0.73 percent at 81,973.05, and the Nifty was up 163.70 points or 0.66 percent at 25,128. Here is how financial markets across the globe fared overnight: GIFT Nifty (Up) The GIFT Nifty is trading higher, indicating a positive start for the day. Nifty futures were trading at 25,233.50 at 07:00 am IST. Asian Equities (Gain) Asian markets rose, following gains on Wall Street that saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&amp;amp;P 500 reach new record highs. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Topix 0.81 -0.60 9.89 Nikkei 0.98 1.70 13.93 Hang Seng -0.22 -0.03 25.43 Taiwan 0.65 2.89 23.83 Kospi -0.15 -1.95 -5.38 US Equities (Gain) Wall Street ended higher on Monday, with both the S&amp;amp;P 500 and the Dow posting fresh record finishes, as investors bought into technology stocks ahead of a busy week packed with corporate earnings and crucial economic data. The S&amp;amp;P 500 gained 44.82 points, or 0.77%, to 5,859.85 points, while the Nasdaq Composite climbed 159.75 points, or 0.87%, to 18,502.69. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 201.36 points, or 0.47%, to 43,065.22. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Dow Jones 0.47 2.05 15.43 S&amp;amp;P500 0.77 2 24.11 Nasdaq 0.87 2.04 24.52 US Bond Yield (Down) The US 10-year Treasury yield fell 38 bps at 4.08 percent and US 2-year bond yield was down 16 bps at 3.94 percent. Current Price MTD YTD US 10-Year Treasury 4.08 3.61 4.70 US 2-Year Treasury 3.94 3.55 5.09 Dollar Index (Down) The U.S. dollar was perched at an over two-month high against major currencies on Tuesday, spurred by wagers the Federal Reserve will proceed with modest rate cuts in the near term, while the yen inched closer to the key 150 per dollar level. Current Price MTD YTD Dollar Index 103.18 100.76 106.64 Asian currencies (Up) Asian currencies were trading mostly higher in the early trade on Tuesday with Japanese Yen gained the most followed by Thai Baht and Singapore Dollar. On the other hand, South Korean Won and China Renminbi were down marginally. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Indonesian Rupiah 0.077 -1.05 -1.07 South Korean Won -0.006 -2.81 -4.95 Japanese Yen 0.181 -5.93 -5.65 Philippines Peso 0.016 -2.76 -3.60 Thai Baht 0.096 0.036 3.04 Taiwan Dollar 0.040 -0.877 -4.92 China Renminbi -0.316 0.114 0.154 Malaysian Ringgit 0.016 0.121 6.93 Singapore Dollar 0.084 -0.933 0.979 Crude (Slips) Oil prices slid USD 2 in early Asian trade on Tuesday as OPEC lowered its outlook for global oil demand growth in 2024 and 2025 and a media report that Israel is willing to strike Iranian military and not nuclear or oil targets. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) US West Texas -2.97 5.02 -0.01 Brent Crude -2.87 4.78 -2.32 Gold (Flat) Gold prices were trading flat at around USD 2649, while Silver prices were up marginally at USD 31.24 in the early trade on Tuesday. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Gold 0.05 0.56 28.44 Silver 0.19 0.25 31.34 LME Commodities (Down) All the commodities were trade weak in the early trade on Tuesday with Zinc shed more than 2 percent, and Lead fell 1.5 percent. Change From Previous Close (%) MTD (%) YTD (%) Aluminium -1.45 -0.67 8.81 Copper -1.35 -1.72 12.86 Nickel -1.09 0.89 6.43 Lead -1.53 -1.48 -0.17 Zinc -2.27 -0.27 15.97 Fund Flow Action The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) extended their selling on October 14 as they sold equities worth Rs 3,731 crore, on the other hand, domestic institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 2,278.09 crore on the same day. 14th Oct MTD YTD FII Net Flows -3,731.59 -46,702.83 -1,89,239.02 DII Net Flows 2,278.09 91,950.52 3,97,534.23 Hope you're all set for today's trade, we wish you a profitable day ahead.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Trade Spotlight: How should you trade IndusInd Bank, Tech Mahindra, Firstcry, Persistent, Aditya Birla Capital and others on Tuesday? [/INST] The full article is as follows: The benchmark indices rallied seven-tenths of a percent, marking a good start to the week on October 14, after consolidating last week. On the breadth, about 1,288 shares declined compared to 1,251 shares that advanced on the NSE. The Nifty 50 is likely to continue its upward rally given the beginning of momentum and a fall in volatility. Below are some trading ideas for the near term: Mehul Kothari, DVP – Technical Research at Anand Rathi Venkys | CMP: Rs 1,923.7 Recently, Venkys India fell from the peak of Rs 2,500 towards the Rs 1,900 mark without any meaningful correction. The stock has found support at the Ichimoku flat line on multiple time frames. This support coincides with the placement of the 200 DEMA (Daily Exponential Moving Average). We expect a bounce in the stock in the coming sessions. Thus, traders are advised to buy the stock near Rs 1,920 - 1,910 for a target of Rs 2,020. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 2,020 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,850 Aditya Birla Capital | CMP: Rs 224 After a correction from the recent high of Rs 244, Aditya Birla Capital has found support at the placement of a rising trendline. The stock has also turned from the Rs 220 mark, which is the 78.6 percent retracement of the recent rally. There is a hidden divergence formation on the daily scale, indicating a possibility of a bounce. Thus, traders are advised to buy the stock only above Rs 226 for a target of Rs 238. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 238 Stop-Loss: Rs 220 IndusInd Bank | CMP: Rs 1,370.5 Recently, we witnessed a decisive upward move in private banks like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, and Kotak Mahindra Bank. Currently, IndusInd Bank also appears to be preparing for the upside, as there is a positive divergence of the RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily scale. Further, the stock is turning from a multiple support zone and can be bought for a pullback. Thus, we advise traders to go long in the stock near Rs 1,360 for a target of Rs 1,430. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,430 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,315 Jay Thakkar, Vice President &amp;amp; Head of Derivatives and Quant Research at ICICI Securities Zydus Lifesciences | CMP: Rs 1,062.4 Zydus Lifesciences seems to have completed its short-term downtrend, and the momentum indicator MACD (Moving Average Convergence Divergence) has returned to the buy mode. The stock has also formed multiple supports near the Rs 1,036 level, which is the immediate support. The stock is likely to bounce back due to short covering, hence it appears bullish in the short term. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,096, Rs 1,134 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,035 Tech Mahindra | CMP: Rs 1,692.5 Tech Mahindra has provided a breakout from sideways consolidation, specifically a rectangular pattern, and the momentum indicator MACD has also entered the buy mode, indicating a bullish sign. Hence, the short-term outlook is positive. The stock has an upward cycle based on the futures data, and although it witnessed some profit booking, it has seen an upward breakout with a long build-up again. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 1,760, Rs 1,800 Stop-Loss: Rs 1,648 HDFC Life Insurance Company | CMP: Rs 740.6 HDFC Life Insurance has provided a breakout from a falling trendline, accompanied by a bullish crossover on its momentum indicator MACD on the daily chart. The stock has also seen short covering in the near term, indicating a higher probability of an upside. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 760, Rs 780 Stop-Loss: Rs 727 Pravesh Gour, Senior Technical Analyst at Swastika Investmart Brainbees Solutions (Firstcry) | CMP: Rs 718.3 Brainbees Solutions has witnessed a breakout of a symmetrical triangle formation on the daily chart with substantial volume. It is trading in a new blue-sky zone, and its structure is very impressive, as it is trading above all its important moving averages. The momentum indicator RSI is positively poised, while MACD is experiencing a centerline crossover on the upside. On the higher side, Rs 750 is acting as an important psychological level; above this, we can expect levels of Rs 800+ in the near-short term, while on the downside, Rs 670 will act as a major support during any correction. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 800 Stop-Loss: Rs 670 DOMS Industries | CMP: Rs 2,789.9 The structure of DOMS Industries is bullish, having experienced a breakout from an Inverse Head &amp;amp; Shoulders formation with significant volume on the hourly chart. It is emerging from a long consolidation range with a triangle formation and is currently trading above all key moving averages, forming higher highs and higher lows. On the upside, Rs 2,900 serves as immediate horizontal resistance, and a break above this could lead to levels above Rs 3,000 in the near term. On the downside, a cluster of moving averages forms a strong base around Rs 2,550. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 3,140 Stop-Loss: Rs 2,550 Persistent Systems | CMP: Rs 5,616.7 On a longer horizon, Persistent Systems has broken a triangle formation with significant volume and found a strong base at the 50-DMA around Rs 5,080. The overall structure appears lucrative as it trades above all major moving averages. The momentum indicators further support this bullish outlook, with the RSI positively poised and the MACD showing an upward centerline crossover. On the higher side, Rs 5,800 serves as a key psychological level; a break above this could lead to levels of Rs 6,000+ in the near-short term. Conversely, Rs 5,200 will act as major support during any corrections. Strategy: Buy Target: Rs 6,164 Stop-Loss: Rs 5,200. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Stock Radar: Reliance, HCL Tech, Angel One, Sunteck Realty, Chalet Hotels, Garuda Construction, J Kumar in focus on Tuesday [/INST] The full article is as follows: Let's catch up on the latest news from the stock market. From significant investments to major deals, quarterly earnings, fund raising and appointments, here’s a quick look at which stocks will be in focus in today's trade: Results Today HDFC Life Insurance Company, HDFC Asset Management Company, PVR Inox, Rallis India, DB Corp, Bank of Maharashtra, KEI Industries, Newgen Software Technologies, Coromandel Agro Products, Darshan Orna, DMR Hydroengineering, GM Polyplast, Gujarat Hotels, Lactose India, Morarka Finance, MRP Agro, Premium Capital Market, RO Jewels, SG Finserve, Sita Enterprises, Stylam Industries, Sybly Industries, Teamo Productions, Transchem, and Universal Arts will release their quarterly earnings scorecard on October 15. Quarterly Earnings Reliance Industries Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit declines 2.8% to Rs 19,323 crore Vs Rs 19,878 crore Revenue increases 0.8% to Rs 2,58,027 crore Vs Rs 2,55,996 crore EBITDA drops 2% to Rs 43,934 crore Vs Rs 44,809 crore Margin at 17% Vs 17.5% Reliance Industries Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit jumps 10.8% to Rs 19,323 crore Vs Rs 17,445 crore Revenue rises 0.08% to Rs 2,58,027 crore Vs Rs 2,57,823 crore EBITDA increases 2.8% to Rs 43,934 crore Vs Rs 42,748 crore Margin expands 40 bps to 17% Vs 16.6% Jio Platforms Q2 (YoY) Profit surges 23.4% to Rs 6,539 crore Vs Rs 5,299 crore Revenue zooms 17.7% to Rs 37,119 crore Vs Rs 31,537 crore Reliance Retail Ventures Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 1.3% to Rs 2,836 crore Vs Rs 2,800 crore Revenue falls 1.1% to Rs 76,302 crore Vs Rs 77,148 crore HCL Technologies Q2 (Consolidated QoQ) Profit falls 0.5% to Rs 4,235 crore Vs Rs 4,257 crore Revenue rises 2.9% to Rs 28,862 crore Vs Rs 28,057 crore EBIT jumps 11.8% to Rs 5,362 crore Vs Rs 4,795 crore Margin expands 150 bps to 18.6% Vs 17.1% Dollar revenue grows 2.4% to $3,445 million Vs $3,364 million Revenue growth in constant currency at 1.6% Company announces interim dividend of Rs 12 per share Company estimates FY25 revenue growth at 3.5-5% YoY in constant currency terms and EBIT margin at 18-19% Angel One Q2 (Consolidated YoY) Profit jumps 39.1% to Rs 423.4 crore Vs Rs 304.5 crore Revenue zooms 44.55% to Rs 1,514.7 crore Vs Rs 1,047.9 crore Gopal Snacks Q2 (YoY) Profit rises 6.2% to Rs 28.9 crore Vs Rs 27.2 crore Revenue increases 12.6% to Rs 402.6 crore Vs Rs 357.7 crore Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Q2 The company has received orders worth Rs 2,050 crore in the domestic market in Q2 FY25, including an order of Rs 823 crore received on October 15. It has achieved the highest-ever unexecuted order value of more than Rs 10,500 crore. Sunteck Realty Q2 Business Update (YoY) Pre-sales grow 32.7% to Rs 524 crore Vs Rs 395 crore Collections increase 24.8% to Rs 267 crore Vs Rs 214 crore Stocks To Watch JSW Infrastructure The company has received a Letter of Intent from the Maharashtra Maritime Board for the development, operation, management, and maintenance of an all-weather, multipurpose port at Palghar, Maharashtra. The development of the port will be on a public-private partnership (PPP) basis with a design, build, own, operate, and transfer (DBOOT) model. Lyka Labs The company has received product permission from the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization of India to manufacture and market Pregabalin Gel 8% w/w in India, following the completion of Phase III clinical trials. Pregabalin Gel is used for patients with diabetic neuropathic pain. Zydus Lifesciences The company has formalized a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to initiate Phase 2 clinical trials of Desidustat in patients with sickle cell disease. CESC The company's subsidiary, Purvah Green Power, has signed a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire 100% of the share capital of Deshraj Solar Energy. Post-acquisition, Deshraj Solar Energy will become a step-down subsidiary of the company. Authum Investment and Infrastructure The company has entered into a purchase cum shareholders agreement with India SME Asset Reconstruction Company (ISARC) to buy 79.28% of the expanded share capital of ISARC. The company will purchase 13 crore equity shares, representing 56.52% of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 176.8 crore, and 5.235 crore shares, representing 22.76% of the expanded share capital of ISARC for Rs 85.3 crore. Can Fin Homes The Board will meet on October 22 to consider the unaudited financial results for Q2 FY25 and fund-raising of up to Rs 4,000 crore via the issuance of non-convertible redeemable debentures (NCDs) on a private placement basis, in one or more tranches. CG Power and Industrial Solutions The company has appointed Deven Jani as Vice President – Strategic Sourcing, effective October 14. Chalet Hotels The Finance (No. 2) Act 2024 has withdrawn the benefit of the Cost of Inflation Index and reduced the long-term capital gains tax rate from 20% to 12.5%. As a result, there will be a reversal of the deferred tax asset created on capital assets, amounting to Rs 203 crore, which will have a one-time non-cash impact on the profit after tax of the company. Furthermore, there will be a reversal of the deferred tax liability in the balance sheet, created on the revaluation of capital assets (IND AS transition April 1, 2016), amounting to Rs 55 crore. Indian Overseas Bank The bank has increased its lending rate by 5 bps for overnight and one-month tenures, effective October 15. J Kumar Infraprojects The construction company has received a work order worth Rs 297.83 crore from Pune Municipal Corporation. The project involves the development of the Mula River from Wakad Bypass to Sangvi Bridge (stretch 1, 2, and 3). Bulk Deals Nitco JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Company sold a 2.78% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 93.76 per share. TechEra Engineering (India) Compact Structure Fund exited the company by selling its entire shareholding of 1.5% at an average price of Rs 184.28 per share. Gujarat Petrosynthese Life Insurance Corporation of India sold a 0.88% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 72 per share. However, Manju Gaggar bought a 0.92% stake at an average price of Rs 72.05 per share. Gujarat Toolroom Foreign portfolio investor Eminence Global Fund PCC- Eubilia Capital Partners Fund I sold a 5.14% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 13.7 per share. Block Deals Transformers and Rectifiers (India) Promoter Jitendra Mamtora sold a 1.8% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 780.3 per share, valued at Rs 210.68 crore. However, Stallion Asset, Pru World FD Inc, PGIM Funds Plc, New York State Teachers Retirement System, and Societe Generale, along with Advanced Series Trust - AST Prudential Growth Allocation Portfolio, bought the 1.8% stake at the same price. Trent Investor Siddhartha Yog bought a 0.29% stake in the company at an average price of Rs 8,115 per share, amounting to Rs 846.1 crore, from Dodona Holdings. Mainboard Listing Today Garuda Construction and Engineering SME Listing Today Shiv Texchem Stocks Trade Ex-Date for Split Abans Enterprises, Credent Global Finance F&amp;amp;O Ban Indian Energy Exchange, National Aluminium Company, Tata Chemicals, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, GNFC, Granules India, Hindustan Copper, IDFC First Bank, Manappuram Finance, Punjab National Bank, RBL Bank, SAIL. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Bajaj Auto Q2 Preview: Revenue may rise 23% on strong volumes, rich product mix [/INST] The full article is as follows: Pune-headquartered Bajaj Auto Limited is set to release its earnings report for the second fiscal quarter of FY25 on October 16. An increase in volumes and a diversified product mix are expected to boost the company's sales to double-digit growth rates on a yearly basis. According to a Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerage firms, the Triumph maker is anticipated to record a 23 percent year-on-year increase in revenue, reaching Rs 13,266 crore. Net profit is projected to surge 21 percent to Rs 2,227 crore from Rs 1,836 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal year. Earnings estimates from analysts polled by Moneycontrol are in a narrow range, indicating that any positive or negative surprises could trigger a sharp reaction in the stock price. Also read: Chasing Chinese dragons: What's in store for Indian mutual fund investors? What factors are driving Bajaj Auto's earnings? Steady demand: Two-wheeler volumes saw a 16 percent year-on-year increase, driven by a mild rise in average selling prices (ASPs) due to a richer product mix. This includes the expansion of premium two-wheeler segments, growth in exports, and price hikes during the year. Rich product mix: Bajaj Auto, over the past year, has had a series of launches, which brokerages predict are also key growth drivers in the coming quarters. For instance, in May 2024, it launched the biggest Pulsar. The mix improvement in the two-wheeler segment and stable growth in the three-wheeler business are expected to be slightly offset by growth in the electric vehicle (EV) business. Read more: Hyundai India IPO opens tomorrow: Should you subscribe to India's biggest issue? &quot;Mild increase in ASPs or average selling price on account of richer product mix - premium 2W segments expansion, exports growth and, price increases taken during the year will contribute to the rise in revenue,&quot; Axis Securities, said in a note. Margins to improve: The EBITDA margin is expected to improve by around 52 basis points year-on-year, driven by a richer product mix, operating leverage, and cost control measures. The expansion will also benefit from better net pricing. “2W listed OEM volume grew by 11.2 percent YoY during Q2FY25 owing to the anticipated festive period and rural demand. The momentum is expected to continue in the upcoming quarters because of a good monsoon and wedding days in consistent months, which shall translate into a healthy demand moment,” Prabhudas Lilladher said in its Q2 preview note. What to look out for in the quarterly show? The demand outlook in domestic and overseas markets and CNG / E-mobility initiatives are key factors to watch out for. Furthermore, another key thing to track is the launch pipeline, progress of E-three wheelers, and raw material prices. Bajaj Auto shares closed at Rs 11,921, higher by 0.2 percent from the last close. The Bajaj Auto stock has rallied over 30 percent in the past six months.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Taking Stock: Nifty closes above 25,100, Sensex gains 592 points, led by IT, realty, bank stocks [/INST] The full article is as follows: After a couple of rangebound sessions, the bulls took charge of Dalal Street on October 14 and took Nifty to cross 25,150, intraday, amid buying seen across the sectors, barring metal and media. At close, the Sensex was up 591.69 points or 0.73 percent at 81,973.05, and the Nifty was up 163.70 points or 0.66 percent at 25,128. On the back of positive global cues, the Indian markets opened higher and extended the gains as the day progressed with Nifty crossing 25150 led by in the Information Technology, realty and banking stocks. Also Read - Wholesale inflation rises to 1.84% in Sept on higher food prices Wipro, Tech Mahindra, HDFC Life, L&amp;amp;T, HDFC Bank were among the top gainers on the Nifty, while losers were ONGC, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Bajaj Finance and Adani Enterprises. Except metal and media, all other sectoral indices ended in the green with Information Technology, Bank, Realty indices up 1 percent each. The BSE midcap index was up 0.3 percent and smallcap index ended flat. More than 240 stocks touched their 52-high on the BSE, including, Aptus Value, Oberoi Realty, Tech Mahindra, Persistent Systems, Motilal Oswal, NALCO, MCX India, Glenmark Pharma, Ipca Labs, Divis Labs, Apar Industries, HCL Technologies, Coforge, Dixon Technologies, Page Industries, Trent, Mankind Pharma, Gujarat Fluorochemicals, V-Mart Retail, among others. Click To View More Outlook for October 15 Aditya Gaggar Director of Progressive Shares After an initial uptick in the morning trade, the index remained rangebound for the rest of the day and settled at 25,127.95, with gains of 163.70 points. Barring Media and Metal, all the other sectors ended in green with Realty being the top performer, followed by IT and BankNifty. Mid and Smallcaps also advanced but underperformed the Frontline Index. A bullish Marubozu Open candlestick pattern was formed on the daily chart and breached its congestion zone and 50DMA hurdle; however, in the lower timeframe i.e. hourly chart, a convincing move above 25,200 will confirm the same. On the downside, the psychological level of 25,000 will work as immediate support and on the flip side, 25,160-25,200 will be considered a resistance zone. Jatin Gedia – Technical Research Analyst at Sharekhan by BNP Paribas Nifty opened gap up and traded with a positive bias throughout the day to close with gains of ~164 points. On the daily charts we can observe that the Nifty has resumed its upmove towards 25500 after a brief three-day consolidation. Hourly momentum indicator has a positive crossover which is a buy signal. Thus, we expect the positive momentum to continue over the next few trading sessions towards 25234 – 25360. Support base shifts higher towards 24920. Bank Nifty broke out of a three day consolidation on the upside and is now inching towards 52500 which coincides with the 20-day average. Support base shifts higher towards 51400 – 51500.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Gainers & Losers: Stocks and sectors that moved the most on October 14 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Indian equity indices ended on a strong note with Nifty above 25,100 on October 14 amid buying across the sectors. Except metal, all other sectoral indices ended in the green with Information Technology, Bank, Realty up 1 percent each. At close, the Sensex was up 591.69 points or 0.73 percent at 81,973.05, and the Nifty was up 163.70 points or 0.66 percent at 25,128. Transformers and Rectifiers India | CMP: Rs 819.30 | Shares of the company surged to its upper circuit of five percent after a block deal worth Rs 211 crore took place on the exchanges. As many as 27 lakh shares of Transformers and Rectifiers changed hands in a block deal, at a floor price of Rs 780 per share, reflecting a 2.6 percent discount from the previous closing price. Mahanagar Telephone Nigam (MTNL) | SMP: Rs 53.41 | Shares of the PSU telecom service provider, saddled with a debt of over Rs 31,000 crore payable to various lenders, gained 4.8 percent amid reports that the company may find a revival plan coming its way and may not head to the NCLT route for resolution. Sources told the channel that there may be a case for a fund infusion into MTNL. Premier Energies | CMP: Rs 1,133 | The stock gained as much as 10 percent after the company's subsidiaries Premier Energies International and Premier Energies Photovoltaic — secured multiple orders, cumulatively worth Rs 765 crore. This includes Rs 632 crore orders for solar modules and orders worth Rs 133 crore for solar cells. The stock ended 2.3 percent higher. Wipro | CMP: Rs 550.70 | Shares of the company rose as much as 4.24 percent as investors lapped up the stock ahead of a meeting on October 17 wherein the company's board is slated to consider the issuance of bonus shares. If approved, this will mark Wipro's fourth bonus issue ever, after similar corporate actions were taken in 2019, 2017 and 2010. Hindustan Construction Company | CMP: Rs 43.74 | Shares rose over 3.5 percent after the company received an order worth Rs 1.031.6 crore from the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation for constructing a two-lane bridge across Agardanda Creek, connecting Tokekhar and Turumbadi in Raigad District on the Revas-Reddi Coastal Highway (MSH-04) in Maharashtra. Avenue Supermarts | Rs 4,191 | DMart shares cracked over 8 percent as its parent Avenue Supermarts earnings show for the quarter ended September left the Street disappointed, as the revenue and net profit fell below expectations. The biggest miss for Avenue Supermarts was revenue growth, which was the slowest in four years. The like-for-like growth was the slowest in three years. Bajaj Housing Finance | CMP: Rs 142 | The stock dropped around 6 percent as its one-month lock-in period expired for the anchor investors. As the lock-in period has ended, as many as many as 12.6 crore shares or 2 percent of the company's outstanding equity will be eligible for trading, Nuvama Alternative &amp;amp; Quantitative Research said in its recent note. These shares were earlier locked and prohibited from sale. Tata Chemicals | CMP: Rs 1,099 | The stock fell over 7 percent on profit booking after the recently rally. The daily and weekly &quot;Bollinger Band&quot; buy signal shows increased activity. The stock is well positioned above its 20, 50, 100, and 200-day SMAs, which are also rising along with the price, reaffirming the bullish trend. The daily, weekly, and monthly RSI are in positive territory, justifying rising strength across all time frames. Sudarshan Chemical Industries | CMP: 1,111 | Shares tanked 7.5 percent amid sharp profit booking after the stock's stellar rally in the previous session. The stock was locked in the 20 percent upper circuit in the previous session after it announced acquisition of Heubach's global pigment business for Rs 1,180 crore. Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) | CMP: Rs 195.70 | Shares of the company fell 4.3% after fears of market coupling, which has been a major overhang on the stock, resurfaced yet again. The Power Secretary Pankaj Agarwal said that the work on the power coupling mechanism is under progress and that the government remains committed to the same.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy CIE Automotive India; target of Rs 650: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on CIE Automotive India We recently met with the management of CIE Automotive (CIEINDIA), and following are the KTAs from the discussion. The domestic market is experiencing a weak demand phase in the tractor and PV segments, while 2W continues to perform relatively well. The global auto market, particularly in Europe, remains sluggish. The EV transition in India continues to evolve as a growth opportunity, given the healthy new order wins. Additionally, the risk of EV transition in Europe remains mitigated, given that: 1) most European OEMs are now reconsidering their EV transition deadlines and 2) hybrids are likely to gain traction in Europe, which augurs well for CIEINDIA. However, the management remains committed to focusing on: 1) outperforming the core domestic industry growth in the long run; 2) further improving operational efficiencies in India; and 3) revising costs in Europe to the new normal. Given its focus on operational efficiencies, CIEINDIA has evolved into a highly resilient company. Some of the financial attributes unique to the global ancillary player include: being net debt free, having strict capex/inorganic expansion guidelines, generating positive FCF, and tracking an improving return trajectory. Outlook We reiterate BUY with a TP of INR650 (based on ~21x Sep’26E consol. EPS). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Federal Bank; target of Rs 230: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on Federal Bank Federal Bank (FB) has demonstrated a strong growth trajectory over FY22-24, with 20% CAGR in its loan book and 18% deposit growth. Over FY25-27, we believe the bank is well poised to deliver an 18% loan CAGR, aided by effective risk management and fintech partnerships. The bank views fintech partnerships as vital for product distribution, tech integration and network expansion to boost customer acquisition in FY25, as it is optimistic about the lifting of regulatory restrictions on card issuance soon. We reckon that the implementation of LCR draft guidelines in their current form will impact FB’s LCR by ~1240bp. However in that scenario, if the bank were to raise required deposits to restore its LCR back to 110% than as per our calculations, FB’s RoA and margins would be impacted by 3bp and 8bp, respectively. Please refer our note for more details here. In Jul’24, FB received the RBI's approval for Mr. KVS Manian as the new MD and CEO beginning Sep’24. With his extensive banking expertise, Mr. Manian is expected to drive strategic changes and drive next leg of growth and profitability for the bank after already delivering robust performance over the last few years. Outlook We estimate FB to achieve RoA/RoE of 1.3%/15.2% by FY27, making its current valuation at 1.2x FY26 BV attractive for long-term growth; thus, we maintain our BUY rating with a TP of INR230 (1.5x FY26E ABV). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Premier Energies share price: Premier Energies stock jumps 10% after subsidiary bags multiple orders worth Rs 765 crore [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Premier Energies gained as much as 10 percent on October 14 after the company's subsidiaries Premier Energies International Private Ltd and Premier Energies Photovoltaic Private Ltd — secured multiple orders, cumulatively worth Rs 765 crore. This includes Rs 632 crore orders for solar modules and orders worth Rs 133 crore for solar cells. The electrical equipment maker added that the supply of these modules and cells is scheduled to commence in July 2025. The orders have been received from eight domestic customers and one foreign customer. Earlier on October 8, Premier Energies informed the exchanges that it had signed a Module Supply Agreement (MSA) with BN Hybrid Power-1 Private Limited, a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of BrightNight India. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action As a part of the agreement, Premier Energies will supply 173.35 MWp of solar modules featuring the Topcon technology for BN Hybrid Power’s 300 MW Firm and Dispatchable Renewable Energy (FDRE) energy storage power project which is located in Barmer, Rajasthan. The supply of these modules is slated to start in July 2025, the company said. Premier Energies manufactures integrated solar cells and solar panels. Its product portfolio includes cell, solar modules, bifacial modules, EPC solutions and O&amp;amp;M solutions. It has five manufacturing units, all of which are situated in Hyderabad, Telangana. Shares of the company got listed on bourses earlier this year. The initial public offering (IPO) of Premier Energies was open from August 27 to August 29. The company raised about Rs 2,830.40 crore through its share sale, which included a fresh share sale of Rs 1,291.40 crore and an offer for sale of 3.42 crore shares. At 1:13 pm, Premier Energies shares were trading 4.8 percent higher at Rs 1,158.15 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). Since its listing in September, the stock has risen around 38 percent, outperforming Nifty's returns of around a percent during this period. Also Read | Sitting on 50% cash positions in some of our hybrid funds as market corrects, says Samco MF CIO Umeshkumar Mehta The company's consolidated net profit surged to Rs 198.16 crore in Q1 FY25 as compared with Rs 31.33 crore in Q1 FY24. Its net sales stood at Rs 1,657.37 crore, steeply higher than Rs 611.02 crore in Q1 FY24.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy IPCA Laboratories; target of Rs 1950: Motilal Oswal [/INST] The full article is as follows: Motilal Oswal's research report on IPCA Laboratories After three years of earnings deterioration, IPCA is well-poised to deliver strong earnings growth over FY24-27. With broad-based growth in volume and pricing, IPCA has been able to outperform the industry significantly in the domestic formulation (DF) market, with 15% YoY growth in MAT Aug’24 and a 15% CAGR in MAT Aug’21-24. IPCA is making efforts to augment its export prospects through new launches and market share gains in generics exports. It is also working to drive synergies from the Unichem acquisition. After a muted performance in the US generics business over the last 10 years due to compliance issues, IPCA is geared up to revive its US business through improving USFDA compliance, new launches over the next 6-8 months, and synergies from the Unichem acquisition. Outlook Considering a 29% earnings CAGR and an anticipated improvement in the return ratio to ~17% over FY24-26, we value IPCA at 38x 12M forward earnings to arrive at a TP of INR1950. We upgrade IPCA to BUY as we factor in better operational efficiency, a revival in US business, synergies from the Unichem acquisition, and well-established DF business. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Buy Skipper; target of Rs 635: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Skipper Skipper’s performance in last 1-2 years reflects pick up in domestic and international T&amp;amp;D capex cycle, enhanced EPC capabilities in infra and T&amp;amp;D and strong volume growth in PVC pipes. This largest Indian manufacturer of T&amp;amp;D structures is set to ride on multi-year opportunity (INR 4.75trn over FY23-27 of domestic T&amp;amp;D capex, INR 9.2trn over FY23-32, according to NEP) and plans to double its engineering capacity to 0.6mn TPA over the next 4-5 years. In addition, the company’s export business may also benefit from its expansion in developed markets. With an orderbook of INR 59bn (1.8x FY24 revenue) and OI likely growing at 20% CAGR over FY24-27E, we expect revenue/EBTIDA/PAT to grow at 25%/29%/56% CAGR. Initiate coverage with BUY and TP of INR 635, based on 27x avg. of FY26E and FY27E EPS. Outlook With an orderbook of INR 58.8bn (1.8x FY24 revenue) and expected OI CAGR of 20% over FY24-27, we expect revenue/EBTIDA/PAT CAGR of 25%/29%/56%, respectively. Initiate coverage on the stock with BUY, TP of INR 635 based on 27x average of FY26E and FY27E EPS. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Reduce Avenue Supermarts; target of Rs 4100: ICICI Securities [/INST] The full article is as follows: ICICI Securities research report on Avenue Supermarts Accelerated ramp-up of online grocery formats (quick commerce) in large metro cities led to deceleration of key growth metrics for DMART: 1) lowest revenue growth (+14% YoY) in a quarter ever, 2) LFL growth at 5.5% vs high-single digits earlier, 3) Footfalls (bill cuts) declined 1% QoQ vs +4% QoQ in base quarter, 4) Revenue throughput per store was flat YoY. Retail expansion rate (14% YoY) was stable. EBITDA margin was lower by ~30bps due to operating deleverage despite better gross margin (mix-led). Overlap of consumers seeking convenience and shopping at DMART (value) appears to be higher than expected which should continue to impact its growth trajectory. Outlook Further, scale-up of DMART Ready continued to be significantly lower (+21% YoY in 1HFY25) vs quick commerce despite lower absolute size. In the context of disruption from quick commerce, we downgrade stock to REDUCE (from Add) with revised TP of INR 4,100 For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Avenue Supermarts; target of Rs 4748: Prabhudas Lilladher [/INST] The full article is as follows: Prabhudas Lilladher's research report on Avenue Supermarts We cut our FY25/26/27 EPS by 5.0%/5.5%/4.9% and rating from Accumulate to Hold with target price of Rs4748 (Rs5168 earlier). Q2FY25 revenue/PAT were miss on our estimate by 3.4%/12.5%. This follows disappointing retail metrics as 1) Quick commerce and other online grocery platform players impacted sales in metro cities 2) lower SSG of 5.5% in 2Q vs 9.5% SSG in 1Q 3) tepid growth parameters with growth of 1.2% YoY in Sales/store, 1.6% YoY in bills/store/day and just 0.5% increase in sales/sq ft. Cost of retail inched up by 65bps as D’Mart added 6 stores in 2Q25. General merchandise and apparel continue to improve in 2Q, 1H sales proportion at 23.45% improved by 24bps YoY; however, the loss of sales to value formats like Zudio, and Reliance Trends seems irreversible. Outlook D’Mart has added 2 stores in Oct beginning and has started offering same day delivery in D’Mart Ready, which will further boost sales post 21.5% growth in 1H25. We factor in 45/50 store additions, 18.4% CAGR in sales, with stable margins at ~8.1% to enable 18.5% PAT CAGR over FY24-27. D’Mart LT growth story remains intact with 1500+ store potential in duopoly market and gradual scale up in D’Mart Ready. We would keenly watch out for sales trends in festival season. HOLD with DCF based TP of Rs4748 (Rs5168 earlier). For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hathway Cable stock jumps 3% after Q2 profit, revenue rise [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Hathway Cable &amp;amp; Datacom jumped over 3 percent on October 14 after the cable television distribution company reported strong earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (Q2FY25). Hathway Cable &amp;amp; Datacom is one of the largest multiple-system operator (MSO) and cable broadband service providers in India. It provides cable television services through its wholly-owned subsidiary — Hathway Digital Private. Hathway Cable holds a PAN India ISP license and was the first cable television services provider to offer High-speed cable broadband services. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action The company reported a 28.4 percent year-on-year (YoY) increase in net profit at Rs 25.8 crore. Its revenue from operations increased 6 percent YoY to Rs 512.7 crore during the quarter under review. At the operating level, Hathway Cable's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) rose 4.4 percent YoY to Rs 86.3 crore during this period while EBITDA margin stood at 16.8 percent compared to 17.1 percent in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal. The company's revenue from the cable television segment stood at Rs 344.01 crore, rising 5.1 percent YoY. Its broadband business revenue, however, fell 3.43 percent YoY to Rs 151.09 crore. Hathway's revenue from dealing in securities came in at Rs 17.14 crore during the period under review. At 11:45 am, Hathway Cable shares were trading 3.3 percent higher at Rs 20.77 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). Despite the gain today, the stocks remains in red on a year-to-date basis, underperforming Nifty's returns of 14 percent. In the last one year, the counter has risen just 4 percent compared to Nifty's gain of 26 percent during this period.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Hold Sudarshan Chemical Industries; target of Rs 1117: LKP Research [/INST] The full article is as follows: LKP Research's research report on Sudarshan Chemical Industries Sudarshan Chemical Industries (SCIL)’s global subsidiary Sudarshan Europe B.V. has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Global Pigment Business Operations of the Heubach Group. The acquisition is valued at approximately ₹11.8 bn and is expected to be completed within next 3-4 months. This deal is seen as a significant move by SCIL to expand its footprint in the global specialty chemicals industry, with Heubach’s operations spanning across 19 sites worldwide. This acquisition will not only bolster SCIL’s product portfolio but also enhance its access to key markets in Europe, the Americas, and the Asia-Pacific region. The acquisition is in line with SCIL’s strategy to explore new geographies be it in Asia, Europe or South America in a bid to increase sale. Sudarshan is a leader in the domestic market, commanding a 35% market share. The Company leverages its expansive product portfolio, combined with the resilience of the Indian economy, to ensure sustained growth in domestic and export markets. This acquisition would increase SCIL’s revenue from ₹2.5 bn to ₹10.6 bn a whopping &amp;gt;4x jump in its revenues (as of current EUR-INR rate). Outlook We further continue to believe in the abovementioned tailwinds and hence we retain our forecasts, with further clarity on the Heubach’s global entity financials we will update the financials and TP for SCIL. Even after a ~15% jump in the stock price it currently trades at 34x its FY26 EPS of ₹35 (as per our estimates for SCIL). We have factored in FY25E/FY26E EBITDA margin of 14.6%/16%. For now we give ‘HOLD’ rating on SCIL and expect Revenue/EBITDA/PAT CAGR of 13%/36%/75% respectively mainly owing to continued uptick in domestic as well as export sales led by its Specialty portfolio. For all recommendations report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; Ajcon Global [/INST] The full article is as follows: Ajcon Global, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motor India Limited (HMI) is a part of the Hyundai Motor Group, the world's third largest auto Original Equipment Manufacturer (&quot;OEM&quot;) in terms of passenger car sales in 2023. Since Fiscal 2009, the company has been the secondlargest car OEM in the Indian passenger vehicle industry (based on domestic sales volumes), according to the CRISIL Report. HMI manufactures and sells fourwheeler passenger vehicles that are reliable, safe, feature-rich, innovative, and equipped with advanced technology. The range consists of 13 models in several passenger vehicle sectors, including sedans, hatchbacks, SUVs, and EVs. The company manufactures items like transmissions and engines for its own production process or sales. HMI was India's second-largest exporter of passenger vehicles from April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2024, according to the CRISIL report. From 1998 to June 30, 2024, the firm sold almost 12 million passenger vehicles in India and exported them. HMI attributes its current market position to a diverse product offering, strong stakeholder relationships and operations, a strong Hyundai brand in India, the use of new technologies to improve efficiency, and the ability to innovate in new businesses like EVs. In CY2023, the company was among the top three contributors to HMC's global sales volumes, with a contribution that climbed from 15.48% in CY2018 to 18.19% in CY2023. Valuation and Outlook The Hyundai Motor India IPO presents an exciting opportunity for investors, especially with the company's expansion plans in the EV market. At the upper price band of Rs. 1960, the issue is priced at a P/E multiple of 26.73 its FY24 post IPO EPS of Rs. 73.33. We give a ‘SUBSCRIBE’ rating to the issue for the following. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: GQG partners, promoter entities buy Adani Group shares worth Rs 19,000 crore in September quarter [/INST] The full article is as follows: Promoter group entities and GQG Partners have significantly increased their stakes in Adani Group companies during the September quarter, with a combined investment exceeding Rs 19,000 crore, according to the latest shareholding data. While promoters pumped in around Rs 12,780 crore in group companies, GQG partners invested around Rs 6,625 crore. Promoter Activity Adani Group promoters raised their stakes in four of their listed entities: Adani Energy Solutions Ltd, Adani Enterprises Ltd, Adani Green Energy Ltd, and Adani Power Ltd, while reducing their stake in Ambuja Cements. The total value of these holdings is approximately Rs 12,778 crore. In Adani Green Energy Ltd, promoter holdings rose by 3.42 percentage points, from 57.52% to 60.94%. Key transactions included Hibiscus Trade and Investment's purchase of 20.1 million shares (1.27% equity stake) between July 30 and September 18, and Ardour Investment Holding's acquisition of 26.7 million shares (1.69% equity stake) between September 19 and 23. Based on an average stock price of Rs 1,903 during the quarter, these acquisitions are estimated at Rs 10,310 crore. Promoter holdings in Adani Power increased by 2.25 percentage points to 74.96%, with an estimated spend of Rs 5,703 crore. They also invested around Rs 427 crore in Adani Energy Solutions and Rs 626 crore in Adani Enterprises Ltd, based on average prices for the quarter. Conversely, promoter stake in Ambuja Cements Ltd dropped by 2.76 percentage points, down to 67.57% from 70.33%, with a sale valued at approximately Rs 4,288 crore. GQG Partners Activity Rajiv Jain-backed GQG Partners increased its investments in four Adani Group firms by putting in Rs 6,625 crore during the September quarter. The companies involved are Adani Enterprises Ltd, Adani Energy Solutions Ltd, Adani Green Energy Ltd, and Ambuja Cement Ltd. However, GQG marginally reduced its stake in Adani Ports &amp;amp; SEZ Ltd and Adani Power Ltd by Rs 22 crore and Rs 35 crore, respectively. GQG Partners made notable investments in Adani Green Energy, participating in its QIP to the tune of Rs 3,390 crore. For two other Adani group companies, Adani Energy Solutions and Ambuja Cement Ltd it made purchases worth Rs 1,784 crore and Rs 1,077 crore, respectively. The firm also invested Rs 432 crore in Adani Enterprises Ltd. Following these transactions, GQG now holds a 4.7% stake in Adani Energy Solutions, up from 3.4% in the previous quarter, and 5.28% in Adani Green Energy, up from 4.16%. Its stake in Ambuja Cement increased to 2.05% from 1.35%, while its holdings in Adani Enterprises rose slightly to 3.52% from 3.4% a quarter earlier.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Wipro stock rises 3% as board to mull bonus issue on October 17 [/INST] The full article is as follows: Shares of Wipro rose as much as 3 percent on October 14 as investors lapped up the stock ahead of a meeting on October 17 wherein the company's board is slated to consider the issuance of bonus shares. A bonus issue is a corporate action where a company issues additional shares to its existing shareholders at zero extra cost. This is typically done in proportion to their existing holdings, meaning shareholders receive a specified number of new shares for each share they already own. If approved, this will mark Wipro's fourth bonus issue ever, after similar corporate actions were taken in 2019,2017 and 2010. The last bonus issue happened in March 2019 when the company issued three shares to stakeholders for every one share held. This time around, focus will also be on the bonus issue ratio approved by the board. Meanwhile, the information technology major is also due to release its Q2 earnings on the same day. Analysts are anticipating to see signs of recovery for IT majors from Q2 amid easing interest rates and a likely improvement in discretionary demand. Follow our market blog to catch all the live action However, in Wipro's case, analysts at Nuvama Institutional Equities expect a decline in margins due to a one-month impact of wage hikes. All attention will be on the company’s growth guidance for FY25 to gauge whether recovery can be expected soon or not. Nuvama anticipates Wipro to give a sequential growth guidance of -1 percent to 1 percent constant currency for Q3FY25. The brokerage will also look for updates on Wipro's consultancy business and deal execution. At 10.53 am, shares of Wipro were trading at Rs 538.70 on the NSE. Anticipation of the quarterly earnings and bonus share issuance also triggered a spike in trading volumes in the counter as 63 lakh shares changed hands so far, higher than the one-week daily traded average of 59 lakh shares.. </s>
<s>[INST] Describe the details of the news titled: Subscribe for Hyundai Motor India IPO; KR Choksey [/INST] The full article is as follows: KR Choksey, Hyundai Motor India Ltd Hyundai Motors India Ltd., established in 1996, is a key player in the Indian automotive industry and a proud member of the Hyundai Motor Group, the third-largest automotive OEM worldwide. With a diverse portfolio of 13 passenger vehicle models across various segments, including sedans, hatchbacks, SUVs, and electric vehicles, HMIL is committed to delivering high-quality automotive solutions. The company has been India’s largest exporter of passenger vehicles since 2005, showcasing its strong international presence. With a focus on innovation and sustainability, HMIL continues to enhance its manufacturing capabilities and expand its market reach, contributing significantly to the growth of the Indian automobile sector. Valuation and Outlook The company is reasonably valued at a PE multiple of 26x based on its FY24 adjusted EPS and high revenue growth. We recommend a &quot;SUBSCRIBE&quot; rating for Hyundai Motors, reflecting its strong business model and strategic initiatives designed to support sustained long-term growth. For all IPO report, click here. </s>
